AUTUMN TREATMENT CENTER

EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK

(REVISED June 2022)

**Welcome!**

Congratulations on your decision to accept employment with Autumn
Treatment Center, LLC ("Autumn Treatment Center").

This handbook is designed to acquaint you with Autumn Treatment Center
and provide you with information regarding working conditions, employee
benefits, and some of the policies affecting your employment. You should
read, understand, and comply with all provisions of the handbook. It
describes many of your responsibilities as an employee and outlines the
programs developed by Autumn Treatment Center to benefit you. Autumn
Treatment Center strives to provide a work environment that is conducive
to both personal and professional growth, stimulating innovation and
rewarding achievement.

No employee handbook can anticipate every circumstance or question about
a company policy or procedure. As Autumn Treatment Center continues to
grow, the need may arise to change policies or practices described in
this handbook. Consequently, Autumn Treatment Center reserves the

right to unilaterally, and without advance notice, revise, supplement,
modify, or rescind any policy or practice or portion of the handbook as
it deems appropriate, in its' sole and absolute discretion.

Autumn Treatment Center will make every effort to notify employees of
changes as they occur and be as transparent as possible.

We hope that your employment here will be exciting and rewarding. If you
have any questions, please contact your supervisor or Human Resources.

Again, welcome to the Autumn Treatment Center team! Sincerely,

![](media/image1.png){width="2.7841447944007in"
height="0.7897878390201225in"}

Maddy Narhari, CEO

# Contents {#contents .TOC-Heading}

[INTRODUCTION [6](#introduction)](#introduction)

[ABOUT THIS HANDBOOK [6](#about-this-handbook)](#about-this-handbook)

[NON-DISCRIMINATION & LEGAL POLICIES
[7](#non-discrimination-legal-policies)](#non-discrimination-legal-policies)

[EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY
[7](#equal-employment-opportunity)](#equal-employment-opportunity)

[AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT
[7](#americans-with-disabilities-act)](#americans-with-disabilities-act)

[IMMIGRATION REFORM AND CONTROL ACT
[7](#immigration-reform-and-control-act)](#immigration-reform-and-control-act)

[A WORD ABOUT OUR EMPLOYEE RELATIONS PHILOSOPHY
[8](#a-word-about-our-employee-relations-philosophy)](#a-word-about-our-employee-relations-philosophy)

[EMPLOYEE RECRUITMENT, SELECTION, ADVANCEMENT, & DEVELOPMENT
[8](#employee-recruitment-selection-advancement-development)](#employee-recruitment-selection-advancement-development)

[Personnel Qualifications
[8](#personnel-qualifications)](#personnel-qualifications)

[Scope of Practice [9](#scope-of-practice)](#scope-of-practice)

[Private Practice Activities
[9](#private-practice-activities)](#private-practice-activities)

[Staff/Client Relationships
[9](#staffclient-relationships)](#staffclient-relationships)

[PRE-EMPLOYMENT POLICY
[11](#pre-employment-policy)](#pre-employment-policy)

[EMPLOYMENT AT-WILL [11](#employment-at-will)](#employment-at-will)

[POLICY AGAINST SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND OTHER UNLAWFUL HARASSMENT
[11](#policy-against-sexual-harassment-and-other-unlawful-harassment)](#policy-against-sexual-harassment-and-other-unlawful-harassment)

[CULTURAL COMPETENCY [13](#cultural-competency)](#cultural-competency)

[WORKPLACE NON-VIOLENCE POLICY
[14](#workplace-non-violence-policy)](#workplace-non-violence-policy)

[POSSESSION OF WEAPONS POLICY
[15](#possession-of-weapons-policy)](#possession-of-weapons-policy)

[ABUSE AND NEGLECT/COMPLAINT AND GRIEVANCE REPORTING
[16](#abuse-and-neglectcomplaint-and-grievance-reporting)](#abuse-and-neglectcomplaint-and-grievance-reporting)

[CLIENTS RIGHTS [19](#clients-rights)](#clients-rights)

[ACCESSIBILITY AND AVAILABILITY OF SERVICES
[20](#accessibility-and-availability-of-services)](#accessibility-and-availability-of-services)

[INCIDENT AND REPORTABLE (MUI) INCIDENT REPORTING
[24](#incident-and-reportable-mui-incident-reporting)](#incident-and-reportable-mui-incident-reporting)

[CODE OF CONDUCT [26](#code-of-conduct)](#code-of-conduct)

[LEGAL & REGULATORY COMPLIANCE
[26](#legal-regulatory-compliance)](#legal-regulatory-compliance)

[ANTITRUST & MARKETING [26](#antitrust-marketing)](#antitrust-marketing)

[PROHIBITION ON INCENTIVES FOR REFERRALS
[26](#prohibition-on-incentives-for-referrals)](#prohibition-on-incentives-for-referrals)

[CLIENT REFERRALS [27](#client-referrals)](#client-referrals)

[CONFLICT OF INTEREST
[27](#conflict-of-interest)](#conflict-of-interest)

[BILLING PRACTICES [28](#billing-practices)](#billing-practices)

[CONFIDENTIALITY [28](#confidentiality)](#confidentiality)

[PATIENT INFORMATION [29](#patient-information)](#patient-information)

[DISCLOSURES [29](#disclosures)](#disclosures)

[PROPER RECORD KEEPING
[30](#proper-record-keeping)](#proper-record-keeping)

[HEALTH & SAFETY [30](#health-safety)](#health-safety)

[COMPLIANCE HOTLINE & E-MAIL
[30](#compliance-hotline-e-mail)](#compliance-hotline-e-mail)

[DOCUMENT DESTRUCTION POLICY
[31](#document-destruction-policy)](#document-destruction-policy)

[EMPLOYMENT [31](#employment)](#employment)

[EMPLOYEE CLASSIFICATIONS
[31](#employee-classifications)](#employee-classifications)

[ORIENTATION PERIOD - NEW HIRES
[32](#orientation-period---new-hires)](#orientation-period---new-hires)

[TUITION REIMBURSEMENT POLICY
[33](#tuition-reimbursement-policy)](#tuition-reimbursement-policy)

[EMPLOYEE REFERRAL PROGRAM
[34](#employee-referral-program)](#employee-referral-program)

[OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT [34](#outside-employment)](#outside-employment)

[PERSONAL INFORMATION CHANGES
[35](#personal-information-changes)](#personal-information-changes)

[LEAVING THE COMPANY [35](#leaving-the-company)](#leaving-the-company)

[RE-EMPLOYMENT [36](#re-employment)](#re-employment)

[REFERENCE CHECKS [36](#reference-checks)](#reference-checks)

[ACCESS TO EMPLOYEE FILES
[37](#access-to-employee-files)](#access-to-employee-files)

[PAY ISSUES [38](#pay-issues)](#pay-issues)

[WORK SCHEDULES [38](#work-schedules)](#work-schedules)

[TIMEKEEPING [38](#timekeeping)](#timekeeping)

[PAYDAYS [38](#paydays)](#paydays)

[OVERTIME [38](#overtime)](#overtime)

[ADMINISTRATIVE PAY CORRECTIONS
[39](#administrative-pay-corrections)](#administrative-pay-corrections)

[DEDUCTIONS [40](#deductions)](#deductions)

[PAY ADVANCES [40](#pay-advances)](#pay-advances)

[ATTENDANCE & ABSENCE POLICIES
[41](#attendance-absence-policies)](#attendance-absence-policies)

[ATTENDANCE & PUNCTUALITY
[41](#attendance-punctuality)](#attendance-punctuality)

[PAY DURING ABSENCE [41](#pay-during-absence)](#pay-during-absence)

[DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS CONCERNING UNSCHEDULED ABSENCES/TARDINESS
[41](#disciplinary-actions-concerning-unscheduled-absencestardiness)](#disciplinary-actions-concerning-unscheduled-absencestardiness)

[PAID TIME OFF POLICY
[42](#paid-time-off-policy)](#paid-time-off-policy)

[CORPORATE HOLIDAYS [43](#corporate-holidays)](#corporate-holidays)

[FAMILY MEDICAL LEAVE
[43](#family-medical-leave)](#family-medical-leave)

[MEDICAL LEAVE [43](#medical-leave)](#medical-leave)

[VOLUNTEER FIREFIGHTER / EMS LEAVE
[45](#volunteer-firefighter-ems-leave)](#volunteer-firefighter-ems-leave)

[WITNESS LEAVE [45](#witness-leave)](#witness-leave)

[BEREAVEMENT LEAVE [45](#bereavement-leave)](#bereavement-leave)

[MILITARY LEAVE [45](#military-leave)](#military-leave)

[JURY DUTY [46](#jury-duty)](#jury-duty)

[VOTING LEAVE [46](#voting-leave)](#voting-leave)

[PERSONAL CONDUCT [47](#personal-conduct)](#personal-conduct)

[SUBSTANCE ABUSE POLICY
[47](#substance-abuse-policy)](#substance-abuse-policy)

[Tobacco/Smoking Policy
[47](#tobaccosmoking-policy)](#tobaccosmoking-policy)

[PERSONAL APPEARANCE/DRESS CODE
[48](#personal-appearancedress-code)](#personal-appearancedress-code)

[EMPLOYEE CONDUCT AND WORK RULES
[49](#employee-conduct-and-work-rules)](#employee-conduct-and-work-rules)

[Employee Request Not to Participate in Aspect of Care
[49](#employee-request-not-to-participate-in-aspect-of-care)](#employee-request-not-to-participate-in-aspect-of-care)

[CONFLICT RESOLUTION [50](#conflict-resolution)](#conflict-resolution)

[CONTINUING EDUCATION/CREDENTIALING
[51](#_Toc105685163)](#_Toc105685163)

[PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT PLAN
[51](#performance-improvement-plan)](#performance-improvement-plan)

[PERFORMANCE EVALUATIONS
[55](#performance-evaluations)](#performance-evaluations)

[Staff Development and Training
[57](#staff-development-and-training)](#staff-development-and-training)

[WORKING ENVIRONMENT [58](#working-environment)](#working-environment)

[SOLICITATION & DISTRIBUTION
[58](#solicitation-distribution)](#solicitation-distribution)

[PETS & ANIMALS [59](#pets-animals)](#pets-animals)

[BREAKS FOR NURSING MOTHERS
[59](#breaks-for-nursing-mothers)](#breaks-for-nursing-mothers)

[USE OF EQUIPMENT [60](#use-of-equipment)](#use-of-equipment)

[USE OF PHONES [61](#use-of-phones)](#use-of-phones)

[ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION POLICY
[61](#electronic-communication-policy)](#electronic-communication-policy)

[SOFTWARE USAGE POLICY
[63](#software-usage-policy)](#software-usage-policy)

[ELECTRONIC SECURITY [64](#electronic-security)](#electronic-security)

[SAFETY [66](#safety)](#safety)

[HAZARD COMMUNICATION & TRAINING PROGRAM
[66](#hazard-communication-training-program)](#hazard-communication-training-program)

[HAZARD MATERIALS AND INFECTION CONTROL
[67](#hazard-materials-and-infection-control)](#hazard-materials-and-infection-control)

[ACCIDENT PREVENTION/REPORTING
[69](#accident-preventionreporting)](#accident-preventionreporting)

[HAZARD PREVENTION [69](#hazard-prevention)](#hazard-prevention)

[EVACUATION PLAN [72](#evacuation-plan)](#evacuation-plan)

[MISCELLANEOUS [74](#miscellaneous)](#miscellaneous)

[OFFICIAL CLOSING/CURTAILMENT
[74](#official-closingcurtailment)](#official-closingcurtailment)

[**ACKNOWLEDGEMENT** [75](#acknowledgement)](#acknowledgement)

# INTRODUCTION

## ABOUT THIS HANDBOOK

This handbook was developed to highlight some of the things that make
Autumn Treatment Center, LLC a great place to work and to explain some
of the privileges and benefits of being an Autumn Treatment Center, LLC
employee. Please read this handbook thoroughly and keep it easily
accessible so you can refer to it when necessary.

The information in this handbook is to be used by employees of Autumn
Treatment Center, LLC. For the purposes of this handbook, Autumn
Treatment Center, LLC will be referred to as Autumn Treatment Center.

It's important to remember that our industry is a highly dynamic one
where many things change during the course of the year. For this reason,
the Company may revise the policies and benefits described in this
handbook at any time in light of experiences, changing conditions, or
changes in government laws and regulations. Every effort will be made to
keep you informed of those changes in writing.

ATC complies with federal and state law and this handbook generally
reflects those laws. ATC also complies with any applicable local laws,
even though there may not be an express written policy contained in the
handbook.

The provisions of this Employee Handbook are not intended to create
contractual obligations with respect to any matters it covers. Nor is
this Employee Handbook intended to create a contract guaranteeing that
you will be employed for any specific time period. Any agreement to
employment for a specified period of time will be put into writing and
signed by the HR Director of the company.

Nothing in this Employee Handbook is intended to unlawfully restrict an
employee\'s right to engage in any of the rights guaranteed them by
Section 7 of the National Labor Relations Act, including but not limited
to, the right to engage in concerted protected activity for the purposes
of their mutual aid and/or protection. Nothing in this Employee Handbook
will be interpreted, applied, or enforced to interfere with, restrain or
coerce employees in the exercise of Section 7 rights.

OUR COMPANY IS AN AT-WILL EMPLOYER. THIS MEANS THAT REGARDLESS OF ANY
PROVISION IN THIS EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK, EITHER YOU OR THE COMPANY MAY
TERMINATE THE EMPLOYMENT RELATIONSHIP AT ANY TIME, FOR ANY REASON, WITH
OR WITHOUT CAUSE OR NOTICE. NOTHING IN THIS EMPLOYEE HANDBOOK OR IN ANY
DOCUMENT OR STATEMENT, WRITTEN OR ORAL, SHALL LIMIT THE RIGHT TO
TERMINATE EMPLOYMENT AT-WILL. NO OFFICER, EMPLOYEE, OR REPRESENTATIVE OF
THE COMPANY IS AUTHORIZED TO ENTER INTO AN AGREEMENT---EXPRESSED OR
IMPLIED---WITH ANY EMPLOYEE FOR EMPLOYMENT FOR A SPECIFIED PERIOD OF
TIME UNLESS SUCH AN AGREEMENT IS IN A WRITTEN CONTRACT SIGNED BY THE HR
DIRECTOR OF THE COMPANY.

This Employee Handbook refers to current benefit plans maintained by the
company. Refer to the actual plan documents and summary plan
descriptions if you have specific questions regarding the benefit plan.
Those documents are controlling.

# 

# NON-DISCRIMINATION & LEGAL POLICIES {#non-discrimination-legal-policies}

## EQUAL EMPLOYMENT OPPORTUNITY

Autumn Treatment Center is committed to equal employment opportunity. We
will not discriminate against employees or applicants for employment on
any legally‑recognized basis \["protected class"\] including, but not
limited to: race; color; religion; national origin; sexual orientation;
physical or mental handicap; developmental disability; genetic
information; human immunodeficiency virus status; sex; pregnancy,
childbirth, or related medical conditions; age; disability; ancestry;
citizenship status; military status; or any other legally protected
status, or any other term or condition of employment in any manner
prohibited by federal, state, or local law.

All personnel actions including recruitment, selection, hiring,
training, compensation, benefits, transfers, and promotion for all job
classifications conform to these requirements.

You may discuss equal employment opportunity related questions with the
HR Director or any other designated member of management.

## AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT

Our company is committed to providing equal employment opportunities to
qualified individuals with disabilities. This may include providing
reasonable accommodation where appropriate in order for an otherwise
qualified individual to perform the essential functions of the job. It
is your responsibility to notify the HR Director of the need for
accommodation. Upon doing so, the HR Director may ask you for your input
or the type of accommodation you believe may be necessary or the
functional limitations caused by your disability. Also, when
appropriate, we may need your permission to obtain additional
information from your physician or other medical or rehabilitation
professionals. The company will not seek genetic information in
connection with requests for accommodation. All medical information
received by the company in connection with a request for accommodation
will be treated as confidential.

## IMMIGRATION REFORM AND CONTROL ACT

In compliance with the federal Immigration Reform and Control Act of
1986 (IRCA), as amended, and any state law requirements, if applicable,
our company is committed to employing only individuals who are
authorized to work in the United States.

Each new employee, as a condition of employment, must complete the
Employment Eligibility Verification Form I-9 and present documentation
establishing identity and employment eligibility.

If an employee is authorized to work in this country for a limited time
period, the individual will be required to submit proof of renewed
employment eligibility prior to expiration of that period to remain
employed by the company.

## A WORD ABOUT OUR EMPLOYEE RELATIONS PHILOSOPHY

We are committed to providing the best possible climate for maximum
development and goal achievement for all employees. Our practice is to
treat each employee as an individual. We seek to develop a spirit of
teamwork; individuals working together to attain a common goal.

In order to maintain an atmosphere where these goals can be
accomplished, we provide a comfortable and progressive workplace. Most
importantly, we have a workplace where communication is open and
problems can be discussed and resolved in a mutually respectful
atmosphere. We take into account individual circumstances and the
individual employee.

We firmly believe that with direct communication, we can continue to
resolve any difficulties that may arise and develop a mutually
beneficial relationship.

## EMPLOYEE RECRUITMENT, SELECTION, ADVANCEMENT, & DEVELOPMENT {#employee-recruitment-selection-advancement-development}

Employment openings at Autumn Treatment Center are posted on the
website, on electronic job boards, and distributed to local universities
for distribution. Openings will also be shared via email to existing
staff and in all staff meetings. All employment job postings represent
Autumn Treatment Center as an Equal Opportunity Employer.

The selection of which candidate to offer a position is the
responsibility of the executive management team. The executive
management team will review candidate credentials, including relevant
education and work experience, as well as meet with candidates
individually where appropriate prior to making an offer of employment.

When new employment opportunities arise, consideration to existing staff
will be given priority but must provide for the best overall candidate
fit.

All staff will be given the opportunity and expected to maintain
competency in their respective fields, including any professional
licensure or continued educational requirements. Autumn Treatment Center
offers educational reimbursement opportunities on a case-by-case basis.
If you are interested in participating in a course, contact the Chief
Development Officer for information on Company

reimbursement or sponsorship.

## Personnel Qualifications

Counselors credentialed by professional regulatory boards in Ohio will
not practice outside of their scope of practice as defined by their
regulatory board.

Procedure

1.  The Executive Director will review the credentials of all staff and
    applicable regulatory definitions of "scope of practice" to ensure
    credentialed staff function within the parameters set forth by their
    applicable regulatory board.

2.  Any staff member involved in clinical work outside Autumn Treatment
    Center, LLC (i.e., agencies based, private practice) must notify the
    Executive Director of this employment to avoid potential
    conflict-of-interest situations which could arise.

3.  All licensed or certified staff will practice only within the scope
    of their license or certification.

4.  All staff will be qualified by education, experience, and
    credentials to function in their assigned tasks as set forth in
    their job descriptions

5.  All service provider staff will be qualified by training and
    continued education to serve people of culturally diverse
    backgrounds.

## Scope of Practice

Counselors credentialed by professional regulatory boards in Ohio shall
not practice outside of their scope of practice as defined by their
regulatory board. Autumn Treatment Center, LLC is committed to the
establishment of comprehensive, effective, and accountable service
networks that break the cycle of criminal activity associated with
alcohol and other drug abuse.

[Procedure]{.underline}

1.  The Executive Director will review the credentials of all staff and
    applicable regulatory definitions of \"scope of practice\" to ensure
    creden­tialed staff function within the parameters set forth by their
    applicable regulatory board. Every staff person has a therapeutic
    relationship with every client. The relationship may vary with
    different staff positions, but the principles of this code apply to
    all employees.

<!-- -->

2.  Any staff member involved in clinical work outside of Autumn
    Treatment Center, LLC (i.e., agency based, private practice) must
    notify the Executive Director of this employment to avoid potential
    conflict-of-interest situations which could arise. Professional
    employees should adhere to the code of ethics for the profession for
    which they are trained as established by each professional
    organization.

## Private Practice Activities

Autumn Treatment Center, LLC clinicians or contractual professional
staff (i.e. Physi­cian, Counselor, etc.) employed by Autumn Treatment
Center, LLC may not provide treatment services to clients enrolled in
any Autumn Treatment Center, LLC program in their private practice
setting.

[Procedure]{.underline}

1.  Anytime a client being seen in private practice by a Autumn
    Treatment Center, LLC employee or contract worker is referred and/or
    accepted for services at Autumn Treatment Center, LLC, Autumn
    Treatment Center, LLC clinician must terminate services to that
    client. This constitutes a conflict of interest.

2.  Autumn Treatment Center, LLC clients are not to be referred to the
    staff members in private practice. This constitutes a conflict of
    interest.

3.  Failure to comply with this policy will lead to disciplinary action
    and possible termination.

## Staff/Client Relationships

Employees must maintain a professional relationship with program service
recipients (clients) at all times. Employees should not engage in
personal associations with clients and discourage any attempts on the
part of clients to develop such relationships.

**[Procedure]{.underline}**

1.  For the same reasons that counselors and therapists are prohibited
    from forming personal relationships with those they provide
    services, Autumn Treatment Center, LLC staff are prohibited from
    forming personal relationships with our clients. Every client
    deserves the best service we can provide. Professionalism demands
    that the staff is fair and objective. Even the appearance of
    impropriety can damage the client/staff relationship, as well as the
    reputation of the program and agency. Beyond damaging our ability to
    provide quality services, inappropriate relationships put in
    jeopardy our funding sources and could open up the agency and staff
    to liability and litigation.

2.  When a client leaves our program/facility, there is a period of
    adjustment where the client may relapse or run into difficulties
    requiring that they return for services. For this reason, the client
    is considered a client for at least 2 years after they leave our
    program.

3.  When a staff member abuses their position to form a relationship,
    they are abusing the client and the program. As a fellow staff
    member, you could talk to the staff member about your concerns. At
    the very least, you should report (in writing) your concerns to the
    supervisor and/or Human Resources and not talk to other staff about
    the concerns (gossip). Failure to do so could implicate you as
    complicit in their acts and share in the responsibility.

4.  Autumn Treatment Center, LLC prohibits fraternization and
    socializing with clients of its program. A client is defined as
    anyone who is receiving services from Autumn Treatment Center, LLC.
    Employees must maintain a professional relationship with clients at
    all times, both on and off Autumn Treatment Center, LLC property.

> Fraternization with clients could result in immediate termination.
> Fraternization may include, but is not limited to, the following:

A.  Employees shall not display favoritism or preferential treatment of
    > one client or group of clients over another.

B.  No employee may deal with any client except in a relationship that
    > will support the approved goals of the program. Specifically,
    > employees or any member of their family must never accept any
    > personal (tangible or non-tangible) gift, favor or service, from a
    > client or from any client's family or close associates, no matter
    > how trivial the gift or service may be.

C.  No employee shall give any gifts, favors or services to clients,
    > their families or close associates.

D.  No employee shall enter into any business relationship with clients
    > or their families (e.g. selling, buying or trading personal
    > property).

E.  No employee shall have any outside contact (other than incidental
    > contact) with a client or his/her family or close associates,
    > except for those activities which are an approved, integral part
    > of the program and a part of the employee's job description. Prior
    > approval for any such outside contact shall be obtained through
    > supervisory channels.

F.  Personal relationships between clients and employees are strictly
    > prohibited.

G.  Employees will not disclose confidential personal information such
    > an employee's phone number or address to any client.

H.  All cash transactions between clients and employees must be
    > documented with approved record keeping/receipts.

<!-- -->

5.  Failure to report a violation or take appropriate action may subject
    Autumn Treatment Center, LLC to legal and financial liability/loss.
    Any suspected violation or attempted violation of these standards
    must be reported immediately to the appropriate supervisory
    personnel.

## PRE-EMPLOYMENT POLICY

Offer of employment is contingent upon the satisfactory results of a
pre-employment screening process, including but not limited to drug
testing before the first day of employment, criminal history check, and
previous employment verification. The drug screen test must be completed
within 48 hours of receipt of the offer letter. A positive test result
will automatically revoke the conditional offer of employment.

## 

## EMPLOYMENT AT-WILL

All positions within Autumn Treatment Center are at-will. Although we
hope that your relationship with Autumn Treatment Center will be
long-term, either you or Autumn Treatment Center may terminate your
employment relationship at any time with or without reason, with or
without cause or notice. Our relationship remains at-will
notwithstanding any other written statements or provisions in this
handbook to the contrary. No supervisor or other representative of the
Company (except the Chief Executive Officer) has the authority to enter
into any agreement for employment for any specified period of time or to
make any agreement contrary to the above. Any agreement for employment
authorized by the Chief Executive Officer must be in writing and signed
by the Chief Executive Officer.

Specific actions, including but not limited to conviction of crimes of
fraud, abuse against children, or drug-related offenses, will likely
result in immediate termination. Altercations with other staff or
patients may also result in termination.

## POLICY AGAINST SEXUAL HARASSMENT AND OTHER UNLAWFUL HARASSMENT

Autumn Treatment Center is committed to providing and maintaining a work
environment free from discrimination and harassment based on a person's
gender, race, color, age, religion, disability, national origin or
veteran status. Autumn Treatment Center will not tolerate discrimination
or harassment of any kind. All employees must avoid offensive or
inappropriate behavior at work whether directed at an employee, vendor
or patient. Each employee is expected to keep Autumn Treatment Center
free from harassment at all times. Actions, words, jokes or comments
based upon an individual's gender, race, color, ethnicity, age,
religion, disability, national origin, military status and all other
protected characteristics will not be tolerated.

**Sexual Harassment Prohibited**

Autumn Treatment Center is committed to providing a professional work
environment free from sexual harassment. Sexual harassment is strictly
prohibited and will not be tolerated.

**Sexual Harassment Defined**

Unwelcome sexual advances, requests for sexual favors and other verbal
or physical conduct of a sexual nature may constitute sexual harassment
when:

- Submission to such conduct is made either explicitly or implicitly as
  a term or condition of an individual's employment

- Submission to or rejection of such conduct by an individual is used as
  the basis for employment decisions affecting such individual, or

- Such conduct has the purpose or effect of substantially interfering
  with an individual's work performance or creating an intimidating,
  hostile or offensive working environment

> Examples of sexual harassment may include:
>
> • Sex-oriented verbal joking or kidding
>
> • Subtle pressure for sexual activity
>
> • Patting, pinching or other forms of physical contact

- Demand for sexual favors, accompanied by implied or overt promises of
  preferential treatment or threats concerning an individual's
  employment status

- Sexually degrading words used to describe an individual

- A display of sexually suggestive or offensive pictures, drawings,
  photographs, figurines, writings, or other graphic images, conduct, or
  communications, including text messages, instant messages, websites,
  voicemails, social media postings, e-mails, faxes and copies.

- Offensive physical conduct, including touching and gestures,
  regardless of the gender of the individuals involved; or

- Other behavior motivated by the conduct above

**Other Forms of Harassment Are Prohibited**

Autumn Treatment Center is committed to providing a professional work
environment free from all forms of discrimination, including harassment
on the basis of race, color, ethnicity, religion, gender, national
origin, age, disability, veteran status, and all other protected
characteristics. Such harassment is prohibited and will not be
tolerated.

**Harassment Defined**

Harassing conduct includes but is not limited to:

- Epithets, slurs, negative stereotyping, threatening, intimidating, or
  hostile acts relating to race, color, religion, gender, national
  origin, age, veteran status, or disability; or

- Written or graphic material circulated in the workplace by any means
  that creates a hostile or offensive work environment toward an
  individual or group of individuals because of their race, color,
  religion, gender, national origin, age, veteran status, or disability.

In addition, ATC absolutely prohibits retaliation, which includes:
threatening an individual or taking any adverse action against an
individual for (1) reporting a possible violation of this policy or (2)
participating in an investigation conducted under this policy.

All members of management are covered by this policy and are prohibited
from engaging in any form of harassing, discriminatory, or retaliatory
conduct. No member of management has the authority to suggest to any
applicant or employee that employment or advancement will be affected by
the individual entering into (or refusing to enter into) a personal
relationship with any member of management or for tolerating (or
refusing to tolerate) conduct or communication that might violate this
policy. Such conduct is a direct violation of this policy.

Even non-employees are covered by this policy. We prohibit harassment,
discrimination, or retaliation of our employees in connection with their
work by non-employees. Immediately report any harassing or
discriminating behavior by non-employees, including vendors, clients,
and employees of contractors or subcontractors. Any employee who
experiences or observes harassment, discrimination, or retaliation
should report it using the steps listed below.

**Reporting and Investigation Procedures**

Any employee, who has observed harassment, is aware of harassment in the
workplace or believes that a supervisor, co-worker or vendor has
harassed him or her or a patient must report the conduct immediately to
his or her supervisor. The supervisor is responsible for initiating an
investigation through Human Resources. If an employee does not feel
comfortable reporting the behavior to their supervisor, the employee
should report the conduct directly to Human Resources. Autumn Treatment
Center will promptly conduct a thorough investigation of all complaints.

1.  Human Resource Department at (614) 344-4600 ext. 101 or 485 Metro
    Place South,

    Dublin, OH 43017.

**Corrective Action**

After appropriate investigation, any employee found to have harassed
another employee will be subject to disciplinary action up to and
including termination. Autumn Treatment Center will take appropriate
remedial action to address proven harassment by a vendor or a patient.

Autumn Treatment Center will not discriminate or retaliate against any
employee who complains of harassment or provides information as part of
any harassment investigation. If an employee believes he or she has been
retaliated against under these circumstances or observes or is aware of
such retaliation,

he or she must report this to his or her supervisor or Human Resources.
All complaints of retaliation will be investigated, and prompt
corrective action will be taken as necessary.

ATC is serious about enforcing our policy against harassment. Persons
who violate this or any other company policy are subject to discipline,
up to and including discharge. We cannot resolve a potential policy
violation unless we know about it. You are responsible for reporting
possible policy violations to us so that we can take appropriate actions
to address your concerns.

## CULTURAL COMPETENCY

Autumn Treatment Center strives to create and maintain an environment
that values and supports cultural competence and embraces respect for
the individual differences of our employees and patients. Autumn
Treatment Center recognizes that everyone has a culture, and we have a
commitment to promoting respect and understanding of diverse cultures,
social groups, and individual attributes. Autumn Treatment Center will
ensure cultural competence is integrated into the overall organizational
culture and ongoing business.

In addition, Autumn Treatment Center requires that all employees, staff,
interns, and volunteers who interact with patients receive cultural
sensitivity training upon hire and annual refresher training after.

**Definitions**

**Culture**: Autumn Treatment Center defines culture in a broad sense,
including values, beliefs, experiences, and cultural attitudes
contributing to a person's sense of identity. It is the values,
attitudes, beliefs, experiences, and customs shared and transmitted by a
group of people. It is "knowledge and collective experience" shared
across generations within a family or community.

**Cultural Competence**: A set of congruent behaviors, attitudes, and
policies that come together in a system, agency, or among professionals
which enables individuals to work effectively in cross-cultural
situations. It promotes respect and understanding of diverse cultures
and social groups and recognizes each individual's unique attributes.

**Cultural Responsiveness**: Cultural responsiveness is the capacity to
respond to the cultural differences and issues of a diverse work group,
especially within an organization. Those differences may include such
subtle items as communication style, problem-solving, values, conflict
resolution styles, etc.

**Diversity**: For the purposes of this policy, diversity includes and
is not limited to the following dimensions listed alphabetically:

> • Age
>
> • Class
>
> • Communication styles
>
> • Educational background
>
> • Ethnicity
>
> • Family status
>
> • Gender
>
> • Gender identity & expression
>
> • Geographic location
>
> • Group identity
>
> • Job Classification & job function
>
> • Language
>
> • Marital status
>
> • Military experience
>
> • Organizational background
>
> • Organizational level
>
> • Parental status
>
> • Physical abilities & qualities
>
> • Race
>
> • Relationships & group affiliations
>
> • Religious beliefs
>
> • Sexual orientation
>
> • Socioeconomic status
>
> • Work experience

**Policy**

Using Autumn Treatment Center's Cultural Competence Guidelines, the
administration will develop action plans that support and guide staff in
delivering services in a culturally competent manner by:

- Training all employees on the relevance of cultural competence in the
  work environment and providing tools to aid employees in achieving
  cultural competence

- Continually seeking potential improvements and best practices to
  provide culturally competent and responsive services and identifying
  ongoing training needs

- Building and maintaining partnerships that promote cultural competence
  by inviting patients and communities to participate in planning,
  delivering, and evaluating services

- Ensuring recruiting, hiring, performance management, and retention
  practices achieve a diverse and culturally competent workforce

- Conducting outreach efforts to employees, sovereign partners, and the
  communities, we serve throughout the Tri-State

- Providing bilingual staff resources and support to remain qualified
  and appropriately certified

- Including the requirement to provide culturally competent and
  responsive services in the performance contracts with service
  providers

## WORKPLACE NON-VIOLENCE POLICY

Autumn Treatment Center is committed to providing a workplace that
promotes the health, safety, and productivity of its employees,
temporary agency workers, and contractors. With that goal in mind,
employees are expected to treat each other, patients, patients\'
relatives, and other individuals with courtesy and professionalism.
Autumn Treatment Center will not tolerate violence, threats of violence,
or other conduct that harms or threatens the safety of employees or
others in the workplace.

**Definitions**

Workplace violence includes but is not limited to intimidation, threats,
physical attack, domestic violence and/or property damage committed by
co-workers, patients, patients' relatives, acquaintances, or strangers
against another in the workplace.

- A threat refers to any direct or indirect verbal or physical conduct
  that threatens personal safety or property or that reasonably could be
  interpreted as intent to cause such harm.

- Actions or statements, including harassment, epithets, and
  intimidation, that have the purpose or effect of creating fear in a
  reasonable person.

- Participation in, or encouragement of, a fight.

- Use of any instrument to injure, threaten or intimidate.

**Reporting Procedures**

All employees must remain alert to possible violations of this policy
and must immediately report any act or threat of violence affecting them
or anyone else in the workplace to the employee's supervisor or Human
Resources.

**Corrective Action**

Any employee who, after appropriate investigation, is found to have
violated this policy or whose conduct or presence poses a risk to the
workplace will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including
termination. Autumn Treatment Center will also take prompt remedial
action to address violence or threats of violence by a vendor or
patient.

## POSSESSION OF WEAPONS POLICY

Autumn Treatment Center is committed to providing a workplace that
promotes the health, safety, and productivity of its employees and
individual contractors. With that goal in mind, Autumn Treatment Center
will not tolerate the possession of weapons as they may threaten the
safety of employees or others in the workplace.

It is a violation of this policy to possess, transfer, sell, use or
threaten to use an unauthorized weapon or dangerous instrument as
defined below (even if licensed to carry a weapon) while at the
workplace. Possession of a weapon is prohibited at any time while
conducting Autumn Treatment Center business, whether on Autumn Treatment
Center premises or elsewhere.

Definitions

1.  Workplace includes but is not limited to Autumn Treatment Center
    facilities, parking lots, Autumn Treatment Center sponsored events,
    vehicles on Autumn Treatment Center property or used within the
    scope of employment, and Autumn Treatment Center owned vehicles

2.  A weapon is defined as any:

Firearm (including BB gun, whether loaded or unloaded)

Knife (switchblade, hunting knife, etc.)

Police Baton or nightstick

Any martial arts weapon

Electronic defense weapons

A dangerous instrument is defined as any instrument, article, or
substance that, under immediate circumstances, is capable of causing
death or physical injury. Questions regarding whether or not an item is
considered a weapon should be directed to the employee's supervisor or
Human Resources.

**Scope**

This policy applies to regular full and part-time employees, temporary
employees, co-ops, students, and contractors. This policy also applies
both to off-site locations where Autumn Treatment Center business is
being conducted and to Autumn Treatment Center sponsored events. The
only exceptions to this policy are law enforcement officers on official
business or security guards engaged by Autumn Treatment Center.

**Corrective Action**

Any employee who, after appropriate investigation, is found to have
violated this policy or whose conduct or presence poses a risk to the
workplace will be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including
termination. Employees who fail to report instances of workplace weapon
possession may be subject to disciplinary action up to and including
termination. Autumn Treatment Center will also take prompt remedial
action to address violence or threats of violence, including possession
of weapons, by a vendor or patient.

## ABUSE AND NEGLECT/COMPLAINT AND GRIEVANCE REPORTING

**POLICY:**

It is mandated that all staff employed by Autumn Treatment Center report
abuse, neglect, or suspected abuse and neglect and death concerning
children or adults in accordance with sections 2151.42.1 and 2151.421 of
the Revised Code. Any allegation of staff neglect or abuse of a client
shall be addressed in an immediate and comprehensive manner. Autumn
Treatment Center's procedures regarding allegations of staff neglect and
abuse, outlined below, are consistent with state law and Ohio Department
of Health Guidelines regarding the rights of persons served, including
those individuals with Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV).

Appropriate disciplinary action, up to and including dismissal from
employment, shall be taken regarding any employee misconduct or criminal
conviction that bears a direct and substantial relationship to that
employee\'s position.

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  Any Autumn Treatment Center employee who suspects incidents of child
    or elder abuse and/or neglect will immediately inform their direct
    supervisor.

2.  When an employee has knowledge or reasonable cause to suspect abuse
    as defined in the statutes, the staff member is obligated under law
    to report that to Children's Protective Service (241-KIDS) or the
    Ohio Department of Job and Family Services (1-855-642-4453).

3.  All patients applying for treatment will be told that any
    information concerning child abuse is not protected under the
    Federal Law of Confidentiality.

4.  Gather all information that is necessary for reporting the suspected
    abuse.

5.  When indicated, if there is a family member involved, they will be
    encouraged to make the report themselves. This will be done in the
    presence of staff if clinically indicated and beneficial to the
    family. The process of reporting the incident can be a therapeutic
    intervention.

6.  Contact the Clinical Director for review prior to reporting the
    abuse. Report the abuse or suspected abuse utilizing the hotline
    above in the presence of the Clinical Director.

7.  Complete an incident report to full detail, including who was
    contacted, the time, date, etc. of the contact.

8.  Ohio Department of Mental Health and Addiction Services shall be
    contacted to receive a log number, and the report will be forwarded
    to the Program Manager of the Ohio Department of Mental Health and
    Addiction Services.

9.  A progress note will be entered into the patient's chart concerning
    the incident.

10. When deemed necessary, a staff member will follow up with
    appropriate people and will document the follow-up in the patient's
    chart.

11. Every concern regarding suspected child abuse or elder abuse and/or
    neglect will also be reviewed during the weekly treatment team.

12. The staff of Autumn Treatment Center will cooperate fully with all
    internal and external investigations.

13. When and if disciplinary actions are appropriate, the Clinical
    Director will follow the policies and procedures of Autumn Treatment
    Center.

14. Autumn Treatment Center will keep documentation of the findings,
    investigations, and any actions taken because of the investigation
    in the Corrective Actions Log.

15. Reportable Incidents/MUI's involving staff neglect and/or abuse of
    clients that occur within an OMHAS-certified program shall be
    forwarded to the Ohio Department of Mental Health & Addiction
    Services within 24 hours of the incident or the discovery of the
    incident.

**Applicable Forms:**

MUI Form

Incident Report Form

## 

**COMPLAINT/GRIEVANCE**

**POLICY**:

Autumn Treatment Center shall ensure that client rights are maintained
in accordance with all relevant laws and standards. Should a client or
other stakeholder feel that client rights have not been upheld by the
agency or by any staff member of Autumn Treatment Center, the client
shall have the opportunity to file a grievance in a confidential and
easily accessible manner. Grievance procedures shall be understood by
all Autumn Treatment Center staff and shall be explained to clients and
other stakeholders in a meaningful manner. Autumn Treatment Center shall
ensure that the client\'s Rights Advocate takes all necessary steps to
assure compliance with the grievance procedure.

Clients of Autumn Treatment Center have the right to complain if they
are not happy. They have the right to file a grievance if they believe
their rights have been violated. The agency has an internal client
complaint system in which, in our experience, most complaints are
resolved quickly and satisfactorily. Autumn Treatment Center will
address client complaints with the treatment provider staff first. If it
is not resolved to the client's satisfaction, the client will be
informed to ask for a manager.

If the client believes their rights have been violated, they should ask
to speak with a client\'s Rights Advocate or to complete a Grievance
form. This form is available in most client areas and upon request from
any agency staff member and includes program-specific information
regarding submission.

In either case, the client's complaint or grievance will be promptly
investigated, and action will be taken to resolve it. Should resolution
not be attained at this level, the case will be referred to the Clinical
Director.

The Client's Rights Advocate is: Lidia Mba-Hall, Medical Assistant, and
may be reached during regular business hours at:

AUTUMN TREATMENT CENTER

24865 US-23 S

Circleville, OH 43113

614-219-9394

The agency shall adhere to the following procedures regarding
grievances:

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  A client may file a grievance at any time. Grievance procedures are
    located in a conspicuous place, and a copy of the grievance
    procedure shall be made available to anyone upon verbal or written
    request.

2.  Written acknowledgment of receipt of the grievance will be provided
    to each grievant. Such acknowledgment shall be provided within three
    business days from receipt of the grievance. The written
    acknowledgment shall include, but not be limited to, the following:

    a.  Date the grievance was received, along with the client\'s
        signature, and/or the individual filing the grievance on behalf
        of the client, or have an attestation by the client advocate
        that the written grievance is a true and accurate representation
        of the client's grievance;

    b.  Summary of grievance and, if available, the date, approximate
        time, description of the incident, and names of individuals
        involved in the incident or situation being grieved;

    c.  Overview of grievance investigation process;

    d.  Timetable for completion of investigation and notification of
        resolution; and,

    e.  Treatment provider contact name, address, and telephone number.

3.  All Autumn Treatment Center staff shall review the client\'s rights
    and grievance procedures during orientation and annually and direct
    any questions to his/her supervisor or the agency Clients Rights
    Advocate.

4.  Assistance is provided to the client in understanding the grievance
    process and filing the grievance by the Clients Rights Advocate or
    designee of the Clients Rights Advocate of Autumn Treatment Center,
    who is not the subject of the grievance.

5.  The client is given a Grievance Form to complete. This form and any
    documentation regarding the grievance are kept confidential, secure,
    and apart from the client's record. Upon completion, the client
    shall place the form in a sealed envelope and return it to the
    office support staff.

6.  If applicable, grievances may be made verbally, and the Clients
    Rights Advocate shall be responsible for preparing a written text of
    the grievance.

7.  The client\'s Rights Advocate will investigate the grievance on
    behalf of the client and provide agency representation for the
    client at the agency hearing on the grievance if desired by the
    client.

8.  If there is no immediate resolution, the client and the Clients
    Rights Advocate will meet with the Clinical Director of Autumn
    Treatment Center to hear the grievance. Written results of this
    meeting are given to the client after appropriate action has been
    taken.

9.  If the above meeting does not result in resolution, clients are
    referred to appropriate outside resources.

10. A client should expect a response from Autumn Treatment Center
    within 24 hours of filing a grievance. If the Clients Rights
    Advocate is not available within 24 hours, the complaint shall be
    taken to the Clinical Director or designee. The client or the
    individual filing the grievance on behalf of the client, with
    client's permission, will be given written confirmation that the
    grievance is being processed, who is involved in the grievance
    process, the actions or resolutions being proposed, and the
    opportunity to be heard by an impartial decision-maker.

11. No grievance shall take longer than 20 business days to resolve.

12. Grievances against the Clients Rights Advocate shall be filed with
    the Chief Executive Officer of Autumn Treatment Center, in
    accordance with the established grievance procedures.

13. There will be no retaliation or barrier to service if a client files
    a complaint or grievance.

14. Upon the request of the client or individual filing the grievance on
    behalf of the client, with client's permission, all relevant
    information about the grievance will be forwarded to the Ombudsman.

15. A client has the option to file a grievance with an outside
    organization directly, and in so doing, bypass Autumn Treatment
    Center's internal grievance procedures.

**Outside organizations include:**

1.  Paint Valley ADAMH Board

394 Chestnut Steet

Chillicothe, OH 45602

\(740\) 773-2283

2.  Ohio Department of Mental Health & Addiction Services

> 30 East Broad Street
>
> Columbus, OH 43215-60601
>
> \(800\) 368-1019
>
> \(614\) 466-2596

3.  Disability Rights Ohio

> 200 South Civic Center Drive, \#300
>
> Columbus, OH 43215
>
> \(800\) 282-9181

4.  U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Civil Rights Regional
    Office

> 233 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 240
>
> Chicago, IL 60601

**Grievance Record Maintenance**

Autumn Treatment Center will maintain for at least two years from
resolution, records of client grievances that include, at a minimum, the
following:

- Copy of the grievance,

- Documentation reflecting process used and resolution/remedy of the
  grievance,

- Documentation, if applicable, of extenuating circumstances for
  extending the time period for resolving the grievance beyond the
  designated 20 business days.

**Applicable Forms:**

Grievance Form

## 

## CLIENTS RIGHTS

**POLICY/PROCEDURES:**

Autumn Treatment Center will comply with the following Client Rights
established by the Ohio Department of Mental Health and Addiction
Services to the extent applicable to our program (Subject to applicable
State and Federal law):

- The right not to be discriminated against for receiving services on
  the basis of race, ethnicity, age, color, religion, gender, national
  origin, sexual orientation, physical or mental handicap, developmental
  disability, genetic information, human immunodeficiency virus status,
  or in any manner prohibited by local, state or federal laws;

- The right to know the cost of services;

- The right to be treated with consideration and respect for personal
  dignity, autonomy, and privacy;

- The right to confidentiality of communications and personal
  identifying information within the limitations and requirements for
  disclosure of client information under state and federal laws and
  regulations;

- The right to have access to one\'s own client record unless access to
  certain information is restricted for clear treatment reasons. If
  access is restricted, the treatment plan shall include the reason for
  the restriction, a goal to remove the restriction, and the treatment
  being offered to remove the restriction;

- The right to be informed a reasonable amount of time in advance of the
  reason for terminating participation in a service and to be provided a
  referral unless the service is unavailable or not necessary;

- The right to be informed of the reason for denial of a service;

- The right to receive services in the least restrictive, feasible
  environment;

- The right to reasonable protection from physical, sexual, or emotional
  abuse, neglect, and inhumane treatment;

- The right to participate in any appropriate and available service that
  is consistent with an individual service plan (ISP), regardless of the
  refusal of any other service, unless that service is a necessity for
  clear treatment reasons and requires the person\'s participation;

- The right to give informed consent to or to refuse any service,
  treatment, or therapy, including medication absent an emergency;

- The right to participate in the development, review, and revision of
  one\'s own individualized treatment plan and receive a copy of it;

- The right to freedom from unnecessary or excessive medication, and to
  be free from restraint or seclusion unless there is immediate risk of
  physical harm to self or others;

- The right to be informed and the right to refuse any unusual or
  hazardous treatment procedures;

- The right to be advised and the right to refuse observation by others
  and by techniques such as video recorders, television, movies,
  photographs or other audio and visual technology. This right does not
  prohibit an agency from using closed-circuit monitoring to observe
  seclusion rooms or common areas, which does not include private areas
  like bathrooms;

- The right to be verbally informed of all client rights, and to receive
  a written copy upon request;

- The right to exercise one\'s own rights without reprisal, except that
  no right extends so far as to supersede health and safety
  considerations;

- The right to file a grievance; and have oral/written instructions
  concerning the procedure for filing a grievance, and to assistance in
  filing a grievance if requested;

- The right to be informed of one\'s own condition and to consult with
  an independent treatment specialist or legal counsel at one\'s own
  expense.

## ACCESSIBILITY AND AVAILABILITY OF SERVICES

**POLICY:**

Autumn Treatment Center (ATC) is committed to providing the highest
quality of care for each person served. As such, ATC will review
annually the effectiveness of its efforts to ensure accessibility and
availability of services, and this review will be incorporated into
service evaluation and quality improvement activities. In order to
provide accessible services, the agency shall adhere to the following
procedures.

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  Employees are expected to always maintain an awareness of culturally
    > and linguistically sensitive issues. This includes but is not
    > restricted to:

> a\. Awareness of the cultural influences that will have an impact on
> individuals served
>
> b\. Acceptance of the diversities represented in other cultures
>
> c\. Support for the individual as a representative of his/her culture
>
> d\. Providing culturally sensitive and responsive treatment planning
> and service delivery
>
> e\. Maintaining sensitivity to ethnic and cultural differences among
> people
>
> f\. Promoting freedom of choice among therapeutic alternatives for the
> person receiving services

2.  The clinical services provided by Autumn Treatment Center are
    > consistent with the Community Service Plan(s) of the Community
    > Mental Health Boards within the communities served by Autumn
    > Treatment Center.

3.  Autumn Treatment Center will strictly adhere to and respect a
    > person's choice and decision. Furthermore, no person served will
    > be denied access to any service based on his/her refusal to accept
    > other services recommended by Autumn Treatment Center. The
    > exception would be if the client is participating in a treatment
    > program that requires participation in multiple services as
    > specified in a signed contract.

**Interpreter and Communication Assistance Services**

**POLICY:**

Autumn Treatment Center shall ensure that agency services are available
to persons served in a manner that is linguistically appropriate and
understandable. ATC shall provide communication assistance to persons
served who speak a language other than standard English as a primary
means of communication, or who have a communication disorder such as
deafness or a hearing impairment. Any communication assistance provided
by Autumn Treatment Center shall be appropriate according to the
person's needs. Any communication assistance provided by Autumn
Treatment Center shall be provided at no additional cost to persons
served, persons requesting or receiving services, nor their families or
significant others.

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  When interpretation services or communication assistance is
    > requested, the case will initially be staffed with the Clinical
    > Director.

2.  Communication assistance shall be provided when requested by the
    > person served.

3.  Communication assistance shall be offered to the person served,
    > either directly or through a family member or significant other,
    > as soon as communication barriers are recognized by Autumn
    > Treatment Center's support or clinical staff or by other
    > stakeholders knowledgeable of the person's communication needs.

4.  A refusal of communication assistance by the person served shall be
    > documented in the clinical record on a Memo to Chart.

5.  As soon as communication assistance is requested or accepted, steps
    > to provide the services, access the personnel, or obtain any
    > necessary equipment shall be initiated as soon as possible.

6.  Family members or significant others are not acceptable interpreters
    > and should be utilized only in an emergency and with the consent
    > of the person served.

7.  Support staff or clinicians who are not the treatment provider for
    > the person served are not acceptable interpreters and should be
    > utilized only in an emergency and with the consent of the person
    > served.

8.  Clinicians who speak the primary language of the person served and
    > are the treatment provider for the person served may provide
    > services in the primary language of the person served if the
    > clinician is fluent with demonstrated ability and/or has
    > certification in the language.

9.  Interpretive services for deaf or hearing-impaired persons (sign
    > language) shall be provided through a reputable and accessible
    > agency as decided upon by the Chief Operations Officer. When a
    > staff member determines that sign language interpretation is
    > needed for a client, they will notify the Clinical Director, who
    > will contact the agency and arrange the services. The staff member
    > shall document in the clinical record the steps taken to obtain
    > the interpretive services.

10. Foreign language interpretive services shall be provided through
    > Jeenie Interpreter Services or a reputable and accessible agency
    > as decided upon by the Chief Operations Officer. When a staff
    > member identifies the need for language interpretation, the
    > Clinical Director should be contacted to begin the process for
    > obtaining the interpreter. Jeenie Interpreter Services shall be
    > notified by the staff member of the primary language spoken by the
    > person served and of any dialects or other communication barriers.

11. Persons served with learning disorders, illiteracy, visual
    > impairments, or other barriers to communication shall be aided
    > appropriately to their needs, such as large-print documents,
    > verbal instruction, or testing on tape. Items or personnel
    > required to provide the assistance shall be readily accessible.
    > Provision of such assistance can be initiated by Autumn Treatment
    > Center support or clinical staff with the consent and knowledge of
    > the clinical service provider and the Clinical Director and shall
    > be documented in the clinical record.

12. Communication assistance shall be provided to the persons served at
    > no additional cost to the persons served. The agency that provides
    > the communication assistance shall submit a bill for payment.
    > Family, significant others, or Autumn Treatment Center staff who
    > provide interpretive services are not remunerated for the
    > interpretive services.

**Cultural Competency and Diversity**

**POLICY:**

Autumn Treatment Center shall ensure that agency staff are culturally
and linguistically competent and that clinical staff are qualified by
training or continuing education to provide culturally relevant services
to clients served from culturally and linguistically diverse
backgrounds. These qualifications include but are not limited to
knowledge of effects on persons of cultural and ethnic minority groups
of psychiatric interventions and psychotropic medications; competency
and knowledge regarding issues related to differential diagnoses; and
common language patterns of individuals of cultural and ethnic minority
groups and of individuals who are deaf and hard of hearing. The agency
and staff shall therefore adhere to the following procedures:

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  All staff shall receive cultural competence education and training
    > during the new hire orientation period, as well as annually
    > throughout the duration of their employment with ATC. This
    > education and training shall include self-study guides, workshops,
    > or other appropriate educational formats that include training on
    > diversity, equity, inclusion, cultural sensitivity, competence,
    > and humility. Pre- and post-testing is encouraged to ensure
    > adequate learning.

**Accessibility of Services**

**POLICY:**

Autumn Treatment Center is committed to providing services that are
accessible to persons served and other stakeholders. Autumn Treatment
Center will review annually the effectiveness of its efforts to ensure
accessibility of services, and this review will be incorporated into
service evaluation and quality improvement activities. In order to
provide accessible services, the agency shall adhere to the procedures
below.

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  Autumn Treatment Center services will be provided without regard to
    > religion, race, color, creed, national origin, age, lifestyle,
    > physical or mental handicap, developmental disability, inability
    > to pay, payer source, use of prescribed psychotropic medications,
    > or HIV infection -- whether symptomatic or asymptomatic -- or
    > AIDS.

2.  The Office Manager is responsible for scheduling all client intake
    > appointments under the direction of the Clinical Director. The
    > Office Manager shall defer any questions or concerns about
    > admission criteria to the Clinical Director.

3.  Any restrictions to services, forensic or non-forensic, shall be
    > decided by the Clinical Director if appropriate. Restrictions to
    > services may be based on the one or more of the following,
    > although this is not a comprehensive accounting of exclusionary
    > criteria:

<!-- -->

a.  The client does not meet the criteria for a specific forensic group
    (i.e., inappropriate history, inappropriate criminal charge, or
    inappropriate referring entity or referral process)

b.  The client has previously been involuntarily terminated from Autumn
    Treatment Center services

c.  The client is a former client of Autumn Treatment Center with a
    history of inappropriate or threatening behavior or non-compliance

d.  Provision of services to the client would violate ethical standards,
    such as dual relationships or conflict of interest

e.  A client seeking group therapy services is not appropriate for group
    interaction due to cognitive, emotional, or other limitations

f.  Autumn Treatment Center does not provide the services being sought

<!-- -->

4.  If a client is not eligible for services sought, the support staff
    > member, in conjunction with the Clinical Director, if appropriate,
    > shall offer options for other services at Autumn Treatment Center
    > or referrals to outside agencies. Options or referrals shall be
    > made to the client in a timely and understandable manner.

    a.  Options for other services at Autumn Treatment Center may
        > include a different treatment provider or a different service
        > (such as individual services for a client who is not
        > appropriate for group therapy).

    b.  Referrals to an outside agency will depend upon the services
        > being sought and the client's stated need. Autumn Treatment
        > Center shall take into consideration the client's geographic
        > location and financial or insurance limitations when offering
        > referrals.

5.  Prioritization for admissions is based on clinical emergent need and
    > is at the discretion of the Clinical Director. Referrals for
    > emergency services shall be made if the prospective client cannot
    > be immediately accommodated. Further standards for admission
    > prioritization may be mandated by contract, such as with Employee
    > Assistance Programs.

6.  Autumn Treatment Center does not currently require a waiting list.
    > Should the need arise for a waiting list for services, the agency
    > shall put in place procedures for maintaining the list.

7.  Autumn Treatment Center is committed to providing clinical services
    > to its clients during standard office hours from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00
    > p.m. Monday through Friday. The Office Manager will determine
    > staff work hours in order to ensure the most appropriate office
    > coverage.

8.  Autumn Treatment Center's facility meets all federal, state, and
    > local requirements for health safety and accessibility, including
    > those requirements in the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 Section 504.

9.  Autumn Treatment Center's facility is geographically accessible to
    > clients served, including access to public transportation.

10. Autumn Treatment Center provides easily accessible and timely care
    > for all of its clients. To accomplish this goal, Autumn Treatment
    > Center schedules routine appointments for clients within seven
    > days of their contact with Autumn Treatment Center unless
    > otherwise requested by the client or otherwise agreed upon between
    > Autumn Treatment Center and a contracting agency.

11. Waiting time for scheduled appointments generally will not exceed
    > fifteen minutes.

**Availability of Services**

**POLICY:**

Autumn Treatment Center is committed to providing services that are
available to persons served and other stakeholders. Autumn Treatment
Center will review annually the effectiveness of its efforts to ensure
the availability of services, and this review will be incorporated into
service evaluation and quality improvement activities. In order to
provide available services, the agency shall adhere to the procedures
below:

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  When an individual is referred to Autumn Treatment Center, Autumn
    > Treatment Center will work to coordinate discharge planning and
    > mental health services for individuals leaving state operated or
    > private psychiatric inpatient settings and state correctional
    > facilities.

2.  Autumn Treatment Center will provide re-entry services to jail
    > inmates by assessing the offender's needs, collaborating with
    > community providers to coordinate treatment linkages, assisting
    > with the application for community entitlements, and monitoring
    > the offender's follow-up services with treatment providers.

3.  When an individual is discharged from an inpatient psychiatric
    > setting or correctional facility and referred to Autumn Treatment
    > Center, Autumn Treatment Center will consult with the individual
    > and the referral source to determine the provision of necessary
    > services. Autumn Treatment Center will provide such necessary
    > services upon discharge, whenever possible, no later than one week
    > post-discharge if it has been concluded that these services are
    > required within that time frame.

4.  When persons served, persons requesting or receiving services, and
    > their families or significant others speak a language other than
    > standard English as a primary means of communication, or who have
    > a communication disorder, such as deafness or hearing impairment,
    > Autumn Treatment Center will provide assistance as appropriate and
    > according to the person's need. Autumn Treatment Center's
    > assistance includes the availability of appropriate communication
    > devices. Examples of assistance that are provided according to the
    > needs of persons served to apply to all forms of communication and
    > include:

    a.  Interpreters fluent with demonstrated ability and/or
        > certification in the first vernacular language of the person
        > served; or

    b.  Services provided by a professional who is able to communicate
        > in the same vernacular language as the person served; or

    c.  Referral to a service that provides interpreters.

## INCIDENT AND REPORTABLE (MUI) INCIDENT REPORTING

**POLICY:**

In order to assure agency quality, safety, and integrity, Autumn
Treatment Center shall document and monitor all incidents and take any
necessary corrective action. Autumn Treatment Center shall follow OMHAS
and DODD guidelines for defining, reporting, and acting upon incidents.
All staff shall be familiar with the criteria and procedures for
incident reporting. The agency shall also conduct debriefings when
appropriate. Incidents are defined as any event(s) that pose a danger to
the health and safety of clients and/or staff and visitors of the agency
and are not consistent with routine care of persons served or routine
operation of the agency. Incidents must be reported to the
administration, and an Incident Report must be completed but does not
require reporting to OMHAS or county ADMH Boards.

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  All incidents require completion of the Autumn Treatment Center
    Incident Report.

2.  Autumn Treatment Center Incident Report should be returned to the
    appropriate supervisor within 4 hours of the incident occurring or
    knowledge of the incident.

3.  In the case of Abused or Neglected Children (individuals under the
    age of 21), a verbal report will also be made to the appropriate
    county child protective agency.

4.  In the case of an Abused or Neglected elderly person (any person
    sixty years of age or older within this state who is handicapped by
    the infirmities of aging or who has a physical or mental impairment
    that prevents the person from providing for the persons own care or
    protection, and who resides in an independent living arrangement), a
    verbal report will also be made to the appropriate county department
    of jobs and family services.

5.  The incidents asterisked on the Reportable Incident Types form must
    also be reported to the applicable county ADAMH Board.

6.  In the case of occurrence or suspected occurrence of communicable
    disease on Autumn Treatment Center grounds, Autumn Treatment Center
    staff must immediately notify Autumn Treatment Center's Health and
    Safety Officer.

7.  In the case of use and unauthorized possession of weapons, illegal
    substances, or legal substances, Autumn Treatment Center staff
    should refer to the policy and immediately notify Autumn Treatment
    Center's Health and Safety Officer.

8.  In the case of a biohazard accident, Autumn Treatment Center staff
    should refer to policy and immediately notify Autumn Treatment
    Center's Health and Safety Officer.

**POLICY:**

Reportable Incidents/Major Unusual Incidents (MUI's) are defined as the
alleged, suspected, or actual

occurrence of an incident when there is reason to believe the health or
welfare of an individual may be

adversely affected, or an individual may be placed at likely risk of
harm. MUI's are of a more serious nature and require reporting to Autumn
Treatment Center administration as well as the appropriate county ADMH
Board. Incidents involving abuse may also be reported to the local child
protective services agency.

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  All Major Unusual Incidents are verbally reported to the applicable
    supervisor or Clinical Director immediately and prior to submitting
    an online incident report. An online incident report will then be
    completed by the employee and submitted via OMHAS Web Enabled
    Incident Reporting System (WEIRS) online portal:
    http://mha.ohio.gov/Default.aspx?tabid=125, within 24 hours,
    utilizing the login information given to each employee. The employee
    completing the incident report will document in as much detail as
    possible the event and all follow-up actions.

2.  When any Autumn Treatment Center staff member is informed either in
    person or by phone of an unusual incident related to a client or a
    staff member, the staff member learning the information should do
    the following:

<!-- -->

a)  Write down the information provided.

b)  Obtain the person's contact information if contacted by phone.

c)  Tell the person that they will be contacted by the Clinical
    > Director.

d)  Do not ask additional questions or provide any information to the
    > informant.

e)  Contact the Clinical Director and identify it as an unusual
    > incident. Provide the Clinical Director with the contact
    > information for the informant.

f)  If regarding a client, create a memo to chart to indicate who the
    > caller/informant was, contact information, when the information
    > was received, and that the Clinical Director was notified to
    > contact the informant. Do not place additional information in the
    > memo to chart.

g)  In the case of notification about the death of a client, the support
    > staff should be informed to remove the client from any future
    > scheduled appointments. An agency incident report should be
    > completed and provided to the Clinical Director to review. The
    > Clinical Director will inform the staff of any additional steps
    > needed.

<!-- -->

3.  Autumn Treatment Center shall forward each reportable incident to
    OMHAS and to the county community mental health board of residence
    within twenty-four hours of the incident or of its discovery,
    exclusive of weekends and holidays via the WEIRS portal.

4.  The employee's supervisor or Clinical Director shall review the
    report via the WEIRS portal and may also require additional
    corrective actions. The supervisor or Clinical Director will approve
    the report to be sent to OMHAS and will email the Chair of the
    Quality Assurance Committee or a designated member of the Quality
    Assurance Committee by the end of the business day, notifying them
    of the report.

5.  A copy of the incident or MUI should be forwarded to the Quality
    Assurance Coordinator after the required notification has occurred.
    The Quality Assurance Committee or designated member of the Quality
    Assurance Committee maintains all logs of incident reports. Incident
    Reports and immediate corrective action taken, if any, are
    documented in a secure log. The log is reviewed by the Quality
    Assurance Committee at each meeting, and further necessary
    corrective actions are recommended and carried out.

6.  The incidents asterisked on the Reportable Incident Types form must
    be reported immediately or within 4-hours of the incident to the
    County DD Board (by phone call). All written incident reports must
    be submitted by 3:00 p.m. the workday after discovery to the County
    DD Board. Each County DD Board has a specific MUI form staff must
    use (see below).

Pickaway County DD Board MUI Form

Phone (during business hours): 740-477-3353

Phone (after business hours): 740-497-2887

Fax (For follow up): 740-477-6772

Email (For follow up): mwilbanks@pickawaydd.org

7.  Staff must also send a copy of the MUI form to the Quality Assurance
    Coordinator.

8.  For other DD Boards, please contact that County Board to obtain the
    appropriate form. If you have any problem reporting to the boards,
    call the Ohio Department of Development Disabilities Hotline at
    866-313-6722.

9.  A remedial action plan to prevent re-occurrence will be developed as
    indicated. Debriefings of staff or other involved stakeholders shall
    be conducted after incidents of a traumatic or emotionally charged
    nature. Any staff member can petition his/her Clinical Director for
    an individual or group debriefing.

10. Debriefings shall be conducted at the discretion and direction of
    the Clinical Director, Quality Assurance Committee, and/or the
    President; and shall be carried out in a timely manner. The Quality
    Assurance Committee shall maintain documentation of debriefings.

Applicable Forms:

Reportable Incident Types

# CODE OF CONDUCT

## LEGAL & REGULATORY COMPLIANCE {#legal-regulatory-compliance}

Autumn Treatment Center provides healthcare services to patients from
Ohio, Kentucky, and Indiana. These services are provided pursuant to
appropriate federal, state, and local laws and regulations and the
conditions of participation in federal healthcare programs. Such laws,
regulations, and conditions of participation include subjects such as
physician licensing, medical record-keeping, access to medical records
and confidentiality, medical staff membership and clinical privileges,
corporate practice of medicine restrictions, Medicare and Medicaid
programs, the Anti-Kickback Statute, and Stark Law.

We are committed to proper compliance with all applicable laws and
regulations. Anyone aware of violations or suspected violations must
report them immediately to their supervisor or the Vice President of
Compliance and Quality.

## ANTITRUST & MARKETING {#antitrust-marketing}

Antitrust laws are designed to create a level playing field in the
marketplace and to promote fair competition. Specifically, these laws
prohibit any type of understanding or agreement, whether written or
verbal, between competitors to fix or control fees for services, terms,
patients, payer contracts, allocate markets or enter into boycotts to
control the marketplace ("Prohibited Subjects"). As a result, discussing
information with a competitor regarding Autumn Treatment Center's
business practices, including pricing information and labor costs, could
be considered a violation of the law. Autumn Treatment Center will
comply with all laws regarding antitrust and competition.

When interacting with competitors, our employees will not discuss
pricing, whom to contact regarding business opportunities, what services
to offer, or future marketing plans. If a competitor raises a Prohibited
Subject, the Autumn Treatment Center employee must end the conversation
immediately.

Our marketing materials will be honest, straightforward, and
non-deceptive so that patients are given a clear picture and
understanding of our services.

## PROHIBITION ON INCENTIVES FOR REFERRALS

Autumn Treatment Center prohibits knowingly and willfully soliciting,
receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback,
bribe or rebate) directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, in return
for, or to induce referrals of service from existing or prospective
patients. We do not pay for referrals, and we do not accept payments for
referrals we make. In addition, when making patient referrals to other
providers, we do not take into account the volume or value of the
referrals that the provider has made to us.

Employees are not permitted to give or receive business gifts of more
than nominal value from a referred source, since such gifts may affect
or appear to affect the judgment of the recipient. Any employee wishing
to extend a business gift to a referral source must first consult the
Vice President of Compliance and Quality to ensure that they are in
compliance with federal laws, rules, and regulations regarding such
gifts.

## CLIENT REFERRALS

**POLICY:**

Autumn Treatment Center clinicians shall ensure that persons served to
receive the most appropriate clinical services. If such services are
unavailable at Autumn Treatment Center, the appropriate level of care is
not offered at Autumn Treatment Center, or the services are best
delivered elsewhere, the clinician shall offer a referral to the client.
If the client is willing to obtain the referred service, the Autumn
Treatment Center clinician shall attempt to ensure the client transition
to the new service in a timely and appropriate manner. Therefore, to
increase continuity of care, the following procedures shall be followed
for interagency referrals.

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  The clinician shall ensure that the referral is clinically
    appropriate, including utilizing supervision or consultation as
    needed to make this determination.

2.  A summary note is documented in a Memo to Chart in the electronic
    record that identifies the name of the individual or agency to which
    the referral is being made. The summary includes the date of the
    referral and any applicable effective date(s).

3.  The summary addresses the appropriateness, availability,
    accessibility, and acceptability of the treatment or service being
    referred. If the client needs assistance in obtaining the treatment
    or service being referred, the clinician will make all necessary
    efforts to ensure that the client will be able to access the
    service.

4.  The summary contains the client's feelings and his or her response
    to the referral. The dated signature, with credential(s) of the
    staff member making the referral, will conclude the summary.

5.  An Authorization for Release of Information to the referred agency
    is obtained.

6.  In addition to other required documentation, the effective date of
    the interagency referral is documented in the client record.

7.  Progress and/or Consultation Reports are requested from the agency
    to which the client is referred. An appropriate Release of
    Information is obtained to facilitate this requirement.

8.  Assessment reports are sent to the appropriate agencies to
    facilitate the referral and to assure that all available information
    is given to the agency to which the referral is made.

9.  The client record is reflective of the reason(s) for the referral,
    including documentation that the reasons have been explained to the
    person being referred and, if appropriate, parent or guardian, and
    that the person being transferred participated in the referral
    decision. The person's response to the referral is also documented
    in the client\'s record.

10. A transition plan can also be used when referring the client to
    another agency or service. The transition plan includes specific
    information about referrals, and the client is offered a copy of the
    transition plan.

## CONFLICT OF INTEREST

A conflict of interest may occur if an employee's outside activities,
personal financial statements or other personal interests influence or
appear to influence his or her ability to make objective decisions in
the course of their job responsibilities. A conflict of interest may
also exist if the demands of any outside activities hinder or distract
an employee from the performance of their job or cause the person to use
Company assets for other than Company purposes.

Autumn Treatment Center employees must ensure that they remain free from
conflicts of interest in the performance of job duties. Employees shall
not engage in activities that conflict with the business interests of
the Company or that impede job performance. In addition, employees must
obtain prior written approval from the Chief Executive Officer or Human
Resources before serving on any advisory board.

## BILLING PRACTICES  {#billing-practices}

Autumn Treatment Center has implemented policies and procedures to
comply with all federal and state billing laws and regulations for
claims submitted to government payers, commercial insurance payers, and
patients. Employees responsible for billing shall take every reasonable
precaution to ensure that their work is accurate, timely, and in
compliance with the Company's procedures, as well as federal and state
laws and related regulations. We prohibit any employee from knowingly
presenting or causing to be presented claims for payment or approval
that are false, fictitious, or fraudulent.

## CONFIDENTIALITY

**POLICY:**

The agency shall follow all OMHAS, HIPAA, and 42 CFR Part 2
Confidentiality of Alcohol and Drug Abuse Client Records guidelines in
maintaining the client records and ensuring the confidentiality of
client Protected Health Information. All staff, clinical and
nonclinical, shall be familiar with this and other policies and
procedures regarding client records and confidentiality.

**PROCEDURES**:

1.  All active client records that are maintained in paper format will
    be housed in a locked, fire-retardant filing cabinet. Closed client
    records are maintained in a locked cabinet or locked room. Records
    are available to staff on an as-needed basis only. Confidentiality
    of records is to be safeguarded at all times. Only authorized
    persons have access to the main office area where the records are
    housed.

2.  All active client records are created and maintained in an
    electronic format through the Advantachart EMR system. Passwords are
    necessary to access the electronic records, and staff members are
    given varying levels of privileges for accessing clinical records.

3.  The Quality Assurance Officer has the ongoing responsibility for
    ensuring compliance with all records management requirements. The
    Chief Technical Officer has been designated by the Autumn Treatment
    Center to administer the clinical records system. The electronic
    records program is updated and evaluated by the Chief Technical
    Officer on a continual basis.

4.  Client records maintained in paper format are filed in alphabetic
    order. Each client is assigned a specific client identification
    number. A listing of client identification numbers is stored in the
    agency computer system as a cross-reference. This computer file is
    password protected. Only authorized agency staff has knowledge of
    the password.

Confidential information is any proprietary information that is not
publicly known. This includes any information regarding Autumn Treatment
Center's business and operations, as well as patient information. Autumn
Treatment Center will comply with all laws and regulations regarding the
privacy and confidentiality of clinical, financial, proprietary, and any
other internal information or records we create, maintain, or use in our
work.

Use of care and diligence is essential to maintaining confidentiality.
As such, employees must protect and not disclose or use any trade
secrets, confidential, or proprietary Company information in any manner
detrimental to the Company unless the employee is required to disclose
the information by law. The duty to maintain the confidentiality of such
information continues indefinitely beyond the scope and term of
employment at Autumn Treatment Center.

## PATIENT INFORMATION

**POLICY/PROCEDURES:**

Autumn Treatment Center is committed to maintaining the confidentiality
of all patient information. We collect patient information regarding a
medical condition, history, and medication to provide quality care.
Consistent with the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act
(HIPAA) and 42 CFR part 2, we do not use, disclose, or discuss
patient-specific information with others unless it is necessary to serve
the patient or is required by law.

Autumn Treatment Center employees must never use or disclose
confidential information when such use or disclosure would violate the
privacy rights of our patients. In accordance with company policies,
HIPAA requirements, and 42 CFR part 2, no employee has a right to any
patient information other than what is necessary to perform their
work-related duties.

## DISCLOSURES

The financial and business interests of Autumn Treatment Center must not
be discussed with outside parties. Except for those instances authorized
in advance in writing by the Chief Executive Officer, Vice President of
Compliance and Quality, or Human Resources, the Company prohibits any
communications with outside individuals such as media representatives
(including reporters), the financial community (bankers, lenders,
securities analysts, etc.), or other interested parties regarding the
financial and business activities of the Company.

If you are contacted by any such parties, including information requests
from outside attorneys, the inquiries should be directed to the Chief
Executive Officer, Vice President of Compliance and Quality, or Human
Resources.

Employees should not obstruct any government requests for information,
audit, or investigation of the Company's records and practices. You
should contact the Vice President of Compliance and Quality or Human
Resources immediately upon receipt of any non-routine request (e.g.,
subpoena, affidavit, warrant, audit, etc.) from any government agency or
representative.

**SAFEGUARDING ASSETS**

Aside from protecting information regarding our business and financial
interests, employees of Autumn Treatment Center must also safeguard
Company assets. Individuals outside the Company must safeguard these
assets, including proprietary information, from loss or inappropriate
use.

At times, the Company will entrust employees with Company property. It
is the duty of every employee to remain personally responsible for
protecting all Company property entrusted to them and to help protect
all of the Company's assets. Employees must be vigilant and should
notify their manager of any situation that could lead to the loss,
misuse, or theft of Company property.

Upon termination of employment for any reason, employees must return to
the Company all Company property, including proprietary information and
intellectual property created while an employee. Please note that these
commitments to safeguard the Company's assets will continue after one's
employment has ended.

## PROPER RECORD KEEPING

The accurate organization of our records is essential to Autumn
Treatment Center's continued success. Autumn Treatment Center will
ensure that all Company records are accurately and appropriately stored.
Such records specifically include clinical, financial, and employment
documents. In addition, all financial transactions must be properly
documented, and Company funds may only be used for approved purposes.

Employees will truthfully and completely record and report transactions
to management, auditors, and regulators. Dishonest or misleading
reporting is strictly prohibited.

All documents must be maintained in accordance with appropriate record
retention requirements. Prior to disposing of or destroying any Company
record or file, employees must consult the applicable operating
procedures.

## HEALTH & SAFETY {#health-safety}

Autumn Treatment Center is committed to complying with all government
regulations and rules. We have adopted practices that promote the
protection of workplace health and safety, and our policies and
procedures have been drafted so that we will maintain a safe workplace
for our employees and patients.

Employees must adhere to all environmental policies, procedures, laws,
and regulations. Employees must review and understand how our policies
apply to their job duties. Medical waste, environmentally sensitive
materials, and hazardous materials are to be properly disposed of
according to our procedures. Spills or accidents involving hazardous
materials must be promptly reported and addressed.

All managers are required to ensure that their employees understand the
health and safety laws and regulations applicable to their work areas.

## COMPLIANCE HOTLINE & E-MAIL {#compliance-hotline-e-mail}

In the event that any employee is uncomfortable identifying himself or
herself when reporting a suspected compliance violation, the employee
can visit <https://safehotline.com>, call toll-free to 855-662-SAFE,
email info@SAFEHotline.com.com (must include company name with the
report). The resources are confidential and allow you to remain
completely anonymous.

Calls and emails are confidential, and the individual will be protected
from any form of retaliation or retribution. If anyone attempts to
retaliate against an employee who has made a good faith report of an
alleged or possible compliance violation, the retaliator will be subject
to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

**Compliance with Code of Conduct**

If employees have the knowledge, are suspicious of any non-compliance
with any section of this Code, or are concerned whether circumstances
could lead to a violation of this Code, they should discuss the
situation with their immediate supervisor, who shall bring it to the
attention of senior management. If the employee feels uncomfortable or
otherwise believes it is inappropriate to discuss such a matter with
their immediate supervisor, then the employee may discuss the matter
directly with the Vice President of Compliance and Quality of Autumn
Treatment Center.

Autumn Treatment Center will not allow any retaliation against an
employee who acts in good faith in reporting any such violation or
suspected violation.

**Accountability for Adherence to the Code**

All employees are responsible for abiding by this code. This includes
individuals responsible for the failure to exercise proper supervision
and to detect and report a violation by their subordinates. Directors,
officers, and employees who violate the code are subject to disciplinary
action, up to and including dismissal.

## DOCUMENT DESTRUCTION POLICY

Any employee who destroys, mutilates, or conceals documents to impede
any state or federal investigation or proceeding \-- whether formal or
informal, current or impending -- is subject to termination and is
liable for possible fines and imprisonment. If an investigation or
proceeding is likely, personnel will be informed and should immediately
halt otherwise routine or regularly-shredded document destruction
activities. All forms of recorded communication, including email and
voice mail, fall within reach of these prohibitions and must be
preserved.

# EMPLOYMENT

## EMPLOYEE CLASSIFICATIONS

Autumn Treatment Center hires employees on an at-will basis to work in
full-time, part-time, co-op, and temporary positions and classifies
employees as either exempt or non-exempt. All employee types are defined
in accordance with the Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA).

**Non-exempt employees** are entitled to overtime pay under the specific
provisions of federal and state laws. These are generally hourly
employees.

**Exempt employees** are salaried and include executives,
administrators, and professional employees (including physicians) and
are excluded from specific provisions of federal and state wage and hour
laws. In general, this means that they do not receive 'overtime'
regardless of the number of hours they work for Autumn Treatment Center.
Exempt employees are expected to be at work during normal business
hours. Exempt employees need to be available during normal business
hours in order to ensure quality business operations. And due to the
nature of the exempt positions this may require an employee to work more
than 40 hours per week.

In addition to the above categories, each employee will belong to one
other employment category:

**Regular Full-time:** Employees who are not in a temporary status and
who are regularly scheduled to work Autumn Treatment Center\'s full-time
schedule. Generally, they are eligible for Autumn Treatment Center\'s
full benefit package, subject to the terms, conditions and limitations
of each benefit program.

**Regular Part-time:** Employees who work less than 32 hours per
workweek. On occasion, regular, part-time employees may work 8 hour
days, and even 40 hours in a given workweek. However, this arrangement
would be on a temporary basis, and the employee\'s status will remain as
regular, part-time during this period. Generally, they are not eligible
for Autumn Treatment Center\'s full benefit package, subject to the
terms, conditions and limitations of each benefit program.

**Contract:** Contracted to provide direct services to clients on a
regular basis; they are not eligible for benefits, unless agreed upon as
a component of the individual contract language that is subject to
specific terms and conditions.

**Co-Ops, Interns, and Students:** Employees who have established an
employment relationship with Autumn Treatment Center but who are
assigned to work on an intermittent basis. While they receive all
legally mandated benefits (such as workers\' compensation insurance and
Social Security), they are ineligible for any of Autumn Treatment
Center's other benefit programs.

**Contractual Services:**

Autumn Treatment Center ensures that all consultants, independent
contractors, students, trainees, interns, or volunteers used by this
organization are provided with appropriate supervision or direction, are
qualified to provide the services they offer and are recruited and
trained as necessary.

###### 

###### Procedure

1.  All independent contractual service providers, consultants,
    > students, volunteers, trainees, or interns are provided a written
    > list of the qualifications and expectations required for their job
    > specifications or assignments.

2.  All independent contractual service providers, consultants,
    > students, volunteers, trainees, or interns shall meet the
    > requirements comparable to staff members if they are providing
    > professional services.

3.  Performance will be evaluated at least annually for all independent
    > contractual service providers, consultants, students, volunteers,
    > trainees, or interns.

4.  All independent contractual service providers, consultants,
    > students, volunteers, trainees, or interns shall sign an agreement
    > and are subject to background checks when required.

5.  All independent contractual service providers, consultants,
    > students, volunteers, trainees, or interns shall attend an
    > orientation that includes confidentiality policies and policies
    > and written dismissal procedures.

## ORIENTATION PERIOD - NEW HIRES

New Hire Orientation training will be completed within thirty calendar
days of the date of hire.

All employees receive a copy of the Employee Policy and Procedure Manual
upon hire during their orientation.

Any subsequent updates to the Employee Policy and Procedure Manual will
be made aware to all employees via email and the company intranet.

An employee should use the initial period after being hired or rehired
to determine whether the new position meets his or her expectations.
Autumn Treatment Center uses this period to evaluate employee
capabilities, attitude, and work habits.

For all new and rehired employees, the first 90 days of employment are
an orientation period. This orientation schedule also applies to all
employees who have been assigned to a different position.

Any significant absence will automatically extend this period by the
length of the absence. Should it be necessary, Autumn Treatment Center
retains the privilege of terminating, without notice, any unsuitable
employee.

Orientation employment status does not affect eligibility for Autumn
Treatment Center provided benefits. Employees are eligible for these
benefit programs according to the terms and conditions of each program.
In addition, even after an employee's orientation period ends, this
employee shall remain an at-will employee.

**PROCEDURES:**

Orientation will cover company policies and procedures, including, but
not limited to:

- Company policies

- Review of the contents of the offer of employment, including the HR
  Policy Manual and other organizational policies and procedures

- Review of Autumn Treatment Center's mission, vision, and goals

- Review of their job description, including responsibilities and
  expected job outcomes

- Review of policies and procedures related to cultural diversity,
  humility, and inclusivity as core values of Autumn Treatment Center

- Review of information, resources, and data related to the
  characteristics of the population served by Autumn Treatment Center

- Review the client rights and grievance policies and procedures

- Review of employee and client safety policies and procedures

- Review of confidentiality policy and procedures

- Review of how to report abuse and neglect policies and procedures

**Applicable Forms:** New Staff Orientation Checklist

## TUITION REIMBURSEMENT POLICY

This policy applies to all full-time employees as defined by Autumn
Treatment Center Employee Handbook and who have worked continuously for
at least 90 days prior to the date of application.

Autumn Treatment Center will reimburse a maximum of \$5,000.00 per year
towards the cost of tuition and books upon an employee's successful
enrollment in and completion of a graduate or undergraduate class
relevant to furthering and enhancing an employee's skills in the
completion of his or her job responsibilities under the following
conditions:

- Pre-approval prior to enrollment is required each semester from the
  employee's HR department for benefits to be paid.

- Employees are required to prepay the tuition and book fees subject to
  reimbursement. Upon successful completion of the course(s), receipts
  and grades must be submitted to the HR Department within 4 weeks after
  the class has ended.

- Book fees will be included as part of the maximum allowance reimbursed
  per year of the employees out of pocket expense. Reimbursement will
  not include application fees, examination fees, parking
  tickets/passes, travel or lodging costs, miscellaneous fees or
  expenses, and book fees. The Tuition Reimbursement Program is intended
  to help reimburse employees for education expenses that they have paid
  from their own resources. It does not cover expenses underwritten by
  other forms of financial aid, including scholarships and fellowships.
  Only expenses not covered by other sources of financial aid are
  eligible for reimbursement.

- Employees must pass undergraduate and graduate course work with a
  grade of "C" or better, or it\'s equivalent. Failure to do so will
  result in reimbursement being denied.

- Classes may not interfere with an employee's job
  responsibilities/duties and must be arranged around work schedules.

- An Employee who quits prior to one year of service will be required to
  reimburse Autumn Treatment Center any tuition/book reimbursements paid
  to the employee.

- An employee who quits or is terminated before completing a class will
  not be eligible for reimbursement benefits.

- The completion of a course of study does not obligate Autumn Treatment
  Center to reward such completion by promotion, transfer, reassignment
  and salary increase.

## EMPLOYEE REFERRAL PROGRAM

Autumn Treatment Center is always looking for talented individuals to
join our team. If you know someone who might be qualified for a position
with our company, let us know! If they join our company and stay for at
least 90 days, you'll receive a \$500.00 bonus. If they stay for a year
of service, you'll receive an additional \$1,000.00 bonus.

**How Does the Program Work?**

From time to time, we will be sending emails to all employees and
posting jobs on our company bulletin board. If you know someone that
might fit a posted position, please forward a copy of the applicant's
resume, along with an employee referral form (attached), to
<hr@dsiginc.com>. Our Management Team and Human Resources will evaluate
the candidate for the open position.

**How Do I Get the Bonus?**

Your referred applicant must stay with Autumn Treatment Center for at
least 90 days for you to receive the \$500.00 bonus, payable on the next
pay period following eligible service. Your referred applicant must stay
for one year of service for you to receive the additional \$1,000.00
bonus, payable on the next pay period following eligible service. If you
are no longer employed by Autumn Treatment Center when your referred
applicant meets 90 days or 1 year of employment, you will not receive
the bonus. The bonus will be included in your regular pay or provided in
another manner deemed appropriate by Autumn Treatment Center.

**Any Limitations?**

- Only one Autumn Treatment Center employee may claim the referral bonus
  for a referred worker. Only the first person who referred the worker
  will be eligible for the referral bonus.

- Members of Autumn Treatment Center's Management Team, Human Resources
  Team, and Recruitment Team are ineligible for the referral bonus.

**Questions?**

If you have any questions regarding the employee referral program,
please contact Human Resources.

## OUTSIDE EMPLOYMENT

Certain employees may hold outside jobs as long as they meet the
performance standards of their job with Autumn Treatment Center AND they
receive approval in advance and in writing from either the Chief
Executive Officer or Human Resources.

Employees should consider the impact that outside employment may have on
their health and physical endurance, as well as the ability to
proficiently perform their duties at Autumn Treatment Center. All
employees will be judged by the same performance standards and will be
subject to Autumn Treatment Center\'s scheduling demands, regardless of
any existing outside work requirements.

If Autumn Treatment Center determines that an employee's outside work
interferes with performance or the ability to meet Autumn Treatment
Center's requirements, the employee may be asked to terminate the
outside employment.

Outside employment that constitutes a conflict of interest is
prohibited. Employees may not receive any income or material gain from
individuals outside Autumn Treatment Center for materials produced or
services rendered while performing their jobs with Autumn Treatment
Center if a conflict of interest exists.

## PERSONAL INFORMATION CHANGES

It is the responsibility of each employee to promptly notify Autumn
Treatment Center (Human Resources) of any changes in personal
information. Personal mailing addresses, telephone numbers, numbers and
names of dependents, individuals to be contacted in the event of an
emergency, educational accomplishments, licensing status, and other such
status reports should be accurate and current at all times.

## LEAVING THE COMPANY

Should you decide to leave your employment with us, we ask that you
provide your supervisor or manager with at least two weeks\' advance
written notice. Your thoughtfulness is appreciated and will be noted
favorably should you ever wish to reapply for employment with the
company.

You should notify the company if your address changes during the
calendar year in which discharge occurs so that your tax information
will be sent to the proper address.

Separations are inevitable within any organization, and many of the
reasons for separation are routine. Below are examples of some of the
most common employment separations:

- **Resignation** - employment separation initiated by an employee who
  chooses to leave Autumn Treatment Center voluntarily

- **Discharge** - employment separation initiated by Autumn Treatment
  Center

- **Layoff** - involuntary employment separation initiated by Autumn
  Treatment Center for business reasons

- **Retirement** - voluntary retirement from active employment status
  initiated by the employee

Autumn Treatment Center generally schedules and conducts exit interviews
with separating employees. The exit interview affords the employee an
opportunity to discuss such issues as employee benefits, conversion
privileges, repayment of outstanding debts to Autumn Treatment Center,
or return of Autumn Treatment Center's property. Suggestions,
complaints, and questions can also be discussed in the exit interview.

Employees are responsible for all Company property, materials, or
written information issued to them or in their possession or control.
Employees must return such property of Autumn Treatment Center in the
event of separation of employment, resignation, layoff, or immediately
upon request. Where permitted by applicable laws, Autumn Treatment
Center may withhold from the employee\'s final paycheck the cost of any
items that are not returned. Autumn Treatment Center may also take all
action deemed appropriate to recover or protect its property.

Regarding paid time off (PTO) during the employee's final calendar year
with the company, PTO will be calculated on a pro-rata basis for that
year.

- Therefore, if, at the time the employee leaves the company, the
  employee has earned more PTO than they have used on a pro-rata basis,
  then the employee will be paid for the unused PTO in their final
  paycheck.

- Conversely, if, at the time the employee leaves the company, the
  employee has already utilized more PTO than they have earned on a
  pro-rata basis, then Autumn Treatment Center will withhold an
  equivalent dollar amount from the employee's final paycheck.

EXAMPLE:

- If an employee has 120 hours of PTO for the year and they leave the
  company on April 1st, they have earned 30 hours of PTO.

- If they have only used 20 hours of PTO, they will be paid for an
  additional 10 hours.

- If they have used 50 hours of PTO, they will have 20 hours of pay
  deducted from their final paycheck.

Employees will receive their final pay in accordance with applicable
state law. The final check will be direct deposited on the next
scheduled company pay date.

Employee benefits will be affected by employment separation. Upon
terminating your employment with Autumn Treatment Center, the following
benefits may be impacted:

**Health, Dental and Vision Insurance:**

Health, Dental, and Vision programs will terminate on the last day of
the calendar month of the termination date. You will receive information
upon termination of your employment regarding the continuation of your
health and dental benefits from Autumn Treatment Center's insurance
broker. Under current federal COBRA laws, you may continue these
benefits for up to 18 months (longer in certain circumstances). The
entire cost of these benefits will be your responsibility.

**Disability Insurance:**

Both your short-term and long-term disability programs will terminate
immediately upon your termination of employment.

**Voluntary Benefits:**

Your accident, cancer, critical illness, and any other supplemental
products may be continued at your own expense. You can contact the
benefit provider directly or Human Resources for portability and
conversion forms.

**Retirement Plan:**

Upon termination of employment, contributions to your 401(k) plan must
cease immediately. Your vested balance may be rolled over into an IRA
or, under certain circumstances, may remain inside the Autumn Treatment
Center Retirement Plan. For further information, you may contact the
401(k) Plan, Administrator.

## RE-EMPLOYMENT

Employees who are rehired following a break in service in excess of 30
days, other than an approved leave of absence, must serve a new initial
introductory period whether or not such a period was previously
completed. Such employees are considered new employees from the
effective date of their reemployment for all purposes, including the
purposes of measuring benefits.

Generally, we will confirm upon request our employees\' dates of
employment, salary history, and job title.

## REFERENCE CHECKS

All inquiries regarding a current or former Autumn Treatment Center
employee must be referred to the

Human Resources.

Should an employee receive a written request for a reference, they
should refer the request to Human Resources. No Autumn Treatment Center
employee may issue a reference letter for any current or former employee
without the permission of Human Resources.

Under no circumstances should any Autumn Treatment Center employee
release any information about any current or former Autumn Treatment
Center employee over the telephone. All telephone inquiries regarding
any current or former employee must be referred to Human Resources.

In response to an outside request for information regarding a current or
former employee, Human Resources will furnish or verify only the
employee\'s name, dates of employment, job title, and department. No
other information will be furnished.

## ACCESS TO EMPLOYEE FILES

Employee files are maintained by Human Resources and are considered
confidential. Managers and supervisors other than Human Resources may
only have access to employee file information in certain situations. A
manager or supervisor considering the hire of a former employee or
transfer of a current employee may be granted access to the file.

Employee files are to be reviewed with Human Resources and an executive
staff member present. Employee files may not be taken outside of the
department, and may not remove any items from the file. Upon written
request, a time will be scheduled to view the personnel file. If an
employee wishes to obtain a copy of documentation contained within the
file, a written request identifying which document(s) they would like
copies of. If an employee wishes to have information of documents
released to a third party, written permission must be provided to
release the information that includes identification of what information
is to be released and to who it is to be released.

Current employees can request access to their personnel file only.
Access will be granted within three (3) business days of the request.

# PAY ISSUES

## WORK SCHEDULES

The regular work schedule for all full-time employees is eight (8) hours
per day, forty (40) hours per week. The regular "pay" workweek shall be
defined as Monday through Friday for all employees.

Staffing needs and operational demands may necessitate variations in
starting and ending times, as well as in the total hours that may be
scheduled each day and week. Supervisors will advise all employees of
their work schedules.

## TIMEKEEPING

Autumn Treatment Center non-exempt employees' time is tracked
electronically through time and attendance software. Federal and state
laws require Autumn Treatment Center to keep an accurate record of time
worked in order to calculate employee pay and benefits. Time worked is
all the time an employee actually spends on the job performing assigned
duties.

Non-exempt employees should accurately record the time they begin and
end their work. They should also record the beginning and ending time of
any split shift or departure from work for personal reasons. Overtime
work should be approved before it is performed. If an employee forgets
to clock in or out they should notify their supervisor immediately so
that he or she can correct their time within the system.

Tampering, altering or falsifying time records, or recording time on
another employee\'s time record may result in disciplinary action, up to
and including termination. This includes clocking in or out for another
employee.

Non-exempt employees shall clock in no earlier than five minutes before
they actually start working and should clock out no later than five
minutes after they stop working.

Although not required, an employee can get a print out of their time
card from his/her supervisor or from the accounting department. If the
employee finds an error, he/she should notify their supervisor of the
error so that it can be corrected in the system before the payroll is
processed.

Time cards are approved for processing every other Monday, by 10 a.m.
EST. If the Monday falls on a holiday, the time cards will be approved
the following Tuesday.

## PAYDAYS

Employees are paid every other Friday. In the event that a regularly
scheduled payday falls on a holiday, employees will then be paid on the
first day of work after the regularly scheduled payday.

All employees may have their pay directly deposited into their bank
accounts if they provide advance written authorization to the accounting
department. Employees still receive an itemized statement of earnings
and withholdings.

## OVERTIME

When operating requirements or other needs cannot be met during regular
working hours, employees may be scheduled to work overtime hours. When
possible, advance notification of these assignments will be provided.
All overtime work must receive the supervisor\'s prior authorization.
Overtime opportunities are distributed as equitably as practical among
available employees qualified to perform the work.

- Overtime compensation is paid to all non-exempt employees at the
  following rate(s)

and in accordance with federal and state laws:

- One and one-half times the straight-time rate for all hours worked
  over 40 hours in a single workweek

- Part-time employees will be paid for Saturday and Sunday work at the
  regular hourly wage. One and one-half times the straight-time rate
  will be paid for hours worked in excess of 40 per pay week.

As required by law, overtime pay is based on actual hours worked. Time
off on sick leave or any leave of absence will not be considered hours
worked for purposes of calculating overtime unless medical attention is
received during working hours, and Autumn Treatment Center directs the
medical attention be administered outside of the corporate offices.

## ADMINISTRATIVE PAY CORRECTIONS

The law requires that Autumn Treatment Center make certain deductions
from every employee's compensation, including, but not limited to,
applicable federal, state, and local income taxes. Social Security taxes
also must be deducted from each employee's earnings. Autumn Treatment
Center matches the amount of Social Security taxes paid by each
employee.

Autumn Treatment Center offers programs and benefits beyond those
required by law. Eligible employees may voluntarily authorize deductions
from their paychecks to cover the costs of participation in these
programs. Contact your supervisor with questions concerning deductions
and how they are calculated.

Autumn Treatment Center prohibits deductions from the salary of a
salaried-exempt employee based on the quality or quantity of work
performed or any other reason that is inconsistent with pay on a salary
basis under federal wage and hour regulations. Subject to certain
exceptions, a salaried-exempt employee must receive his or her full
salary for any week in which he or she performs any work without regard
to the number of days or hours worked. Exceptions to this general rule
include the following:

- Autumn Treatment Center need not pay the salary of a salaried-exempt
  employee for any workweek in which the employee performs no work
  unless the employee is approved to use Paid Time Off.

- Autumn Treatment Center may make deductions from salary for an exempt
  employee's absence for one or more full days for personal reasons
  other than sickness or disability unless the employee is approved to
  use Paid Time Off.

- Autumn Treatment Center may make deductions from salary for absences
  of one or more full days occasioned by sickness or disability so long
  as Autumn Treatment Center maintains a bona fide plan that provides
  compensation for loss of pay occasioned by such sickness or
  disability. (Deductions for such full-day absences may be made, for
  instance, before the employee has qualified under the plan or after
  the employee has exhausted his or her leave under the plan.)

- Autumn Treatment Center will not make deductions from salary for
  absences of an exempt employee occasioned by jury duty, attendance as
  a witness, or temporary military leave. Autumn Treatment Center can
  offset any amounts received by an employee as jury fees, witness fees,
  or military pay for a particular week against the salary due for that
  particular week.

- Autumn Treatment Center may make deductions from the salary of exempt
  employees for unpaid disciplinary suspensions of one or more full days
  imposed in good faith for infractions of workplace conduct rules.

- Autumn Treatment Center is not required to pay the full salary of a
  salaried-exempt employee in the initial or terminal week of his or her
  employment if the employee works a partial week during such week.

If a salaried-exempt employee believes that Autumn Treatment Center has
made an improper deduction from his or her salary, he or she should
report the alleged improper deduction to the Human Resources. An
employee may also report an improper salary deduction by contacting
Autumn Treatment Center's Chief Executive Officer. Autumn Treatment
Center will in no way retaliate against any employee for making a good
faith complaint about any payroll discrepancies or problems.

## DEDUCTIONS

Autumn Treatment Center is required to make deductions from employee pay
such as FICA, federal, state, local, and in some locations, school
district taxes. The employee is responsible for making sure his or her
withholding allowances are accurate. If marital status or other
withholding information changes, the employee must contact Human
Resources to update his or her W-4 form.

If the Company is served with a garnishment or attachment for other
deductions, the requirements of all applicable laws will be followed. In
addition, amounts for insurance, retirement saving, or other voluntary
deductions may also be made with employee written consent.

If at the time of separation from Autumn Treatment Center, an employee
owes money to Autumn Treatment Center, the amount of the debt will be
withheld from the employee's last paycheck to the maximum extent
permitted by law.

## PAY ADVANCES

Neither pay advances nor extensions of credit on unearned wages can be
provided to employees by Autumn Treatment Center.

# ATTENDANCE & ABSENCE POLICIES {#attendance-absence-policies}

## ATTENDANCE & PUNCTUALITY {#attendance-punctuality}

To maintain a productive work environment, Autumn Treatment Center
expects employees to be reliable and punctual in reporting for scheduled
work. Absenteeism and tardiness place a burden on other employees and
Autumn Treatment Center. In the rare instance when an employee cannot
avoid being late to work or is unable to work as scheduled, he or she
must notify his or her supervisor as soon as possible in advance of the
anticipated tardiness or absence.

## PAY DURING ABSENCE

Except in the case of a disciplinary suspension without pay, non-exempt
employees who are absent or tardy, whether scheduled or unscheduled,
will use sum of hours worked, available personal time off hours, and
sick hours, not to exceed 40 hours in a workweek, to cover for pay
purposes only.

Exempt employees are compensated on a salaried basis and expected to
work five days out of the seven-day workweek. Therefore, except in the
case of a disciplinary suspension without pay, exempt employees\'
compensation cannot be reduced unless they missed a full workday under
certain circumstances ( see guidelines in the definition of
Exempt/Non-exempt section). Annual leave and sick leave accruals are
charged if missed a full scheduled day of work, and pay could be reduced
according to the US Dept. of Labor guidelines.

## DISCIPLINARY ACTIONS CONCERNING UNSCHEDULED ABSENCES/TARDINESS

Excessive unscheduled absences and tardiness may result in disciplinary
action. An employee should call and email his/her supervisor when he/she
knows he/she will be absent or late. The employee should notify the
supervisor at the earliest time possible. An employee should let the
supervisor know how long he/she expects to be out or when he/she will
arrive.

All disciplinary action is at the sole discretion of management.

Autumn Treatment Center reserves the right to accelerate disciplinary
action up to and including termination of employment for flagrant or
intentional disregard of the attendance/tardy policy.

Absences which qualify for FMLA (Family and Medical Leave Act) will not
be considered an unscheduled absence or tardy.

## PAID TIME OFF POLICY  {#paid-time-off-policy}

Autumn Treatment Center recognizes and encourages the need for employees
to take time away from work for rest and relaxation. Taking time off
from work is important for an employee 's well-being and can improve job
performance. In keeping with this philosophy, the Company provides
employees with PTO time to be utilized for vacation, sick and personal
time. Full time employees will be granted PTO time in accordance with
the following schedule:

<table>
<colgroup>
<col style="width: 36%" />
<col style="width: 18%" />
<col style="width: 22%" />
<col style="width: 22%" />
</colgroup>
<tbody>
<tr class="odd">
<td><p>Length of</p>
<p>Service</p></td>
<td><p>Total</p>
<p>Days</p></td>
<td><p>Total</p>
<p>Hours</p></td>
<td><p>Monthly</p>
<p>Hours Accrued</p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="even">
<td>Up to 10 years</td>
<td>15</td>
<td>120</td>
<td>4.62</td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>Anniversary Date following the 9<sup>th</sup> year</td>
<td>20</td>
<td>160</td>
<td>6.15</td>
</tr>
</tbody>
</table>

**Accrued PTO**

Although PTO is allocated upfront, it is earned each pay period. PTO
accrues based on actual regular hours worked, excluding unpaid leaves of
absence or overtime.

Utilization of PTO will follow the same general principles:

- Employees are only eligible for PTO if they are regular (FT)
  > Full-time.

- Employees will not receive pay in lieu of PTO except upon termination
  > of employment, or in situations involving indefinite military leave,
  > in which case accrued but unused PTO will be paid up to a maximum of
  > 5 days.

- If PTO is used but unearned, and the employee is terminated or resigns
  > before the PTO is earned, the unearned balance will be calculated
  > and deducted from the employee's final paycheck.

- When an employee takes a leave of absence, PTO hours do not accrue
  > during the leave. PTO accruals will recommence when the employee
  > returns to work on a full-time basis.

- If an employee takes time off that has not been earned or is not
  > eligible for time off, they must obtain prior approval from their
  > immediate manager/supervisor. This time will be unpaid.

- Employees are encouraged to use earned PTO time during the same
  > anniversary year it is granted; however, employees may carry over up
  > to 40 hours of PTO into the following anniversary year.

- Time off is not earned during any type of leave of absence, medical or
  > personal, except as may be required by law.

- ATC reserves the right to require a "medical fitness to return to work
  > report" prior to allowing the employee to return to their job when
  > they have been away ill for more than 3 consecutive days.

- The minimum time that employees may charge for PTO leave is four (4)
  > hours.

- PTO will not be counted as hours worked for the purposes of
  > determining overtime.

Temporary, contract, or seasonal employees are not eligible under this
policy.

Please contact the Human Resources Department if you have any questions
about your specific schedule or this policy.

\*\*Employees may only be eligible for PTO based on employment
negotiations.

\*\*ATC reserves the right to amend this policy at any time.

**[Ohio Employees]{.underline}**

Pregnant employees who meet the requirements for the use of PTO must be
permitted to use such time for childbearing.

## CORPORATE HOLIDAYS

Our company observes the following holidays during the year:

> New Year's Day
>
> Memorial Day
>
> Independence Day
>
> Labor Day
>
> Thanksgiving Day
>
> Day After Thanksgiving
>
> Christmas Day

If one of the above holidays falls on Saturday, it normally is observed
on the preceding Friday. If a holiday falls on Sunday, it is normally
observed the following Monday.

Part-time and Full-time Hourly Non-Exempt Employees required to work
holidays will be paid in accordance with their regular hourly rate of
pay.

If an individual has an unexcused absence the scheduled day before or
after a holiday, they forfeit their holiday pay.

Full-time Salaried Exempt employees are eligible for paid holidays
immediately upon hire. Exempt employees will receive holiday pay in
compliance with state and federal wage and hour laws. Full-time Exempt
employees will receive their normal salary for holidays. Exempt
employees will normally be scheduled by the supervisor to be off for a
holiday or have an alternative day off, depending on the business\'s
needs.

If a recognized holiday falls during an eligible employee's PTO, Holiday
Pay will be provided instead of the leave pay that would otherwise have
applied.

\*\*Non-Exempt Hourly employees may only be eligible for paid holidays
based on employment negotiations.

## FAMILY MEDICAL LEAVE

##### 

##### The Family Medical Leave Act allows employees who have been employed at a company for more than 12 months and have worked 1250 in the previous year to take unpaid leave for certain medical or family reasons. This act applies to all companies that have over 50 employees within a 75-mile radius of the worksite. Autumn Treatment Center is currently not a covered employer.  {#the-family-medical-leave-act-allows-employees-who-have-been-employed-at-a-company-for-more-than-12-months-and-have-worked-1250-in-the-previous-year-to-take-unpaid-leave-for-certain-medical-or-family-reasons.-this-act-applies-to-all-companies-that-have-over-50-employees-within-a-75-mile-radius-of-the-worksite.-autumn-treatment-center-is-currently-not-a-covered-employer.}

## MEDICAL LEAVE

Autumn Treatment Center may provide an unpaid medical leave of absence
to any eligible employee who does not qualify for FMLA (e.g., FMLA leave
exhausted) and is temporarily unable to work due to the employee\'s
medical disability.

Employees utilizing medical leave have the option to use paid time off
to supplement his or her income, but are not obligated to do so.
Employees who substitute their unpaid medical leave with paid time off
(PTO) shall be paid for holidays that occur during the leave period in
which they are substituting with paid leave. The fact that an employee
receives holiday pay during this time does not extend the employee's
leave entitlement. Employees taking unpaid medical leave are not
eligible to receive holiday pay during their leave period. Accruals for
benefits, such as paid time off, will be suspended during a medical
leave and will resume upon return to active employment.

**Scope**

Regular full-time employees who have completed thirty (30) days of
continuous employment are eligible for such leave.

**Scope of the Policy**

Eligible employees may be granted a short-term leave for the period of
the disability up to twelve (12) weeks, during which time employees
participating in the short-term disability insurance program can claim
benefits. An employee who is continuously disabled for longer than
twelve (12) weeks can receive benefits from the long-term disability
insurance program. In no event can an employee\'s medical leave status
continue beyond six (6) consecutive months. Any employee who fails to
return to work after six (6)

consecutive months on medical leave will be treated as having lost
employment status. Medical disabilities include (but are not limited to)
all temporary disabilities associated with the employee\'s pregnancy,
childbirth, and related medical conditions.

**Process for Requesting Leave**

When leave is for serious health problems of the employee, the request
should be made in writing to Human Resources at least thirty (30) days
before the start of the leave if possible, and as much advance notice as
possible must be given if it is not possible to give thirty (30) days
advance notice. The employee making the request for such leave must
submit to Human Resources a timely written certification from a
healthcare provider covering the date the condition began, the probable
duration of the condition, key medical facts about the condition, and an
explanation that the employee is unable to perform the duties of the
employee\'s position with Autumn Treatment Center.

**Continuation of Benefits**

For a maximum of twelve (12) weeks (including FMLA), group health
insurance may stay in effect on the same basis as if the employee were
actively working. The employee can keep their insurance coverage until
the end of the medical leave, provided the employee pays 100% of the
total cost of the insurance. Employees are responsible for making
monthly insurance premium payments and need to arrange monthly payments
with the accounting department in order for the insurance to stay in
effect. 401(K) contributions stop when an employee is on a leave of
absence and begin when the employee returns to work. If an employee has
any outstanding 401(K) loans, the employee needs to arrange monthly
payments with the accounting department.

**Returning to Work**

An employee on leave for a serious health condition must provide Human
Resources with certification from their health care provider that the
employee is fit to return to work (or identify work limitations or
restrictions). The employee will be restored to their former position
(or to an equivalent position with the same pay, benefits, and
opportunities for advancement).

Failure to return from a leave of absence once scheduled with management
shall result in immediate termination.

## VOLUNTEER FIREFIGHTER / EMS LEAVE {#volunteer-firefighter-ems-leave}

An employee who serves as a volunteer firefighter or provider of
emergency medical services is permitted unpaid leave when they are
absent or late to work in order to respond to an emergency prior to
their scheduled shift.

The employee must provide written notification to the company no later
than 30 days after being certified as a volunteer firefighter or
volunteer emergency services provider.

The employee must make every effort to notify the company that (s)he may
be late or absent from work due to being dispatched to an emergency. If
notification is not possible, the employee must provide the company with
a written explanation of the absence due to an emergency from the chief
of the volunteer fire department or director of the EMS services.

Exempt employees may be provided time off with pay when necessary to
comply with state and federal wage and hour laws.

## WITNESS LEAVE

Employees are given the necessary time off without pay to attend or
participate in a court proceeding in accordance with state law.

We ask that you notify the HR Director of the need to take witness leave
as far in advance as possible.

Exempt employees may be provided time off with pay when necessary to
comply with state and federal wage and hour laws.

## BEREAVEMENT LEAVE

Employees may take time off with pay for up to five (5) consecutive
working days when a death occurs in the employee's immediate family.
These paid days off are in addition to your annual PTO. For this policy,
immediate family includes spouses, domestic partners, parents, brothers,
sisters, children, stepchildren, children of domestic partners,
grandchildren, grandparents, parents-in-law, sister-in-law, or
brother-in-law, and parents of domestic partners.

Employees may be allowed time off without loss of pay as needed to a
maximum of one (1) working day to attend the funeral of a person not
within the immediate family, with the approval of the employee's
immediate supervisor.

If death or services occur on an Autumn Treatment Center paid holiday
(holiday weekend) or regular weekend or PTO, no additional time will be
granted.

A request for leave must be submitted identifying the employee's
relationship to the deceased. Verification may be requested at the
discretion of the supervisor. Pay will be granted for regularly
scheduled hours only. If the employee requires additional time off and
has accrued annual leave, it may be used.

Autumn Treatment Center management, on a case-by-case basis may approve
additional unpaid time off. All employees, regardless of classification,
shall be eligible for bereavement leave, with pay for each day being
determined by the number of hours the employee would have worked for
Autumn Treatment Center if he or she had not been on bereavement leave.

## MILITARY LEAVE

A military leave of absence will be granted to employees who are absent
from work because of service in the United States Armed Forces in
accordance with the Uniformed Services Employment and Reemployment
Rights Act (USERRA). Advance notice to your supervisor of military
service is required unless military necessity prevents such notice or it
is otherwise impossible or unreasonable. Contact your supervisor for
more information or questions about military leave.

## JURY DUTY

Employees summoned for jury duty must notify their supervisor or a
member of management. While serving jury duty, employees are eligible to
receive up to five (5) days of their regular pay for the time served.
However, employees may elect to use accrued and earned vacation time.
When not actually serving on a jury or when an employee does not have to
be at the court, they must report for work on that day or any major
portion of that day. If an employee is required to serve jury duty
beyond the period of paid Jury Leave, they may use accrued Annual leave
or may request Voluntary Unpaid Leave.

Exempt employees may be provided time off with pay when necessary to
comply with state and federal wage and hour laws. We reserve the right
to request proof of jury service issued by the Court upon return.

Make arrangements with Human Resources as soon as you receive your
summons.

When permitted by state law, we expect you to return to your job if you
are excused from jury duty during your regular working hours.

## VOTING LEAVE

Our company believes that every employee should have the opportunity to
vote in any state or federal election, general primary or special
primary. Employees will be granted a reasonable amount of unpaid time
off in order to vote. We reserve the right to select the hours you are
excused to vote.

Employees will be provided time off with pay as required by state law.

Notify the HR Director of the need for voting leave as soon as possible.
When you return from voting leave, you must present a voter's receipt to
the HR Director as soon as possible.

# PERSONAL CONDUCT

## SUBSTANCE ABUSE POLICY

Drug and alcohol use is highly detrimental to the safety and
productivity of employees in the workplace. No employee may be under the
influence of any illegal (or improperly used prescription) drugs or
alcohol while in the work place, while on duty, or while operating a
vehicle or equipment owned or leased by Autumn Treatment Center.

**Scope of the Policy**

Possessing, distributing, transferring, purchasing, selling, using, or
being under the influence of alcoholic beverages or illegal (or
improperly used prescription) drugs while on Autumn Treatment Center\'s
property, while attending business-related activities, while on duty, or
while operating a vehicle or machine leased or owned by Autumn Treatment
Center may also lead to disciplinary action, including suspension
without pay or termination.

For the purposes of this policy illegal drugs include but are not
limited to:

> • Amphetamines (speed, uppers)
>
> • Cocaine (including crack cocaine)
>
> • Marijuana
>
> • Opiates (codeine, heroine, morphine)
>
> • Phencyclidine (PCP, "angel dust")

NOTE: When specifically approved by a manager of Autumn Treatment
Center, alcoholic beverages may be served at certain Autumn Treatment
Center-sponsored social events, or in other appropriate social or
business-related settings. On such occasions, individuals are expected
to exercise self- control and accept responsibility for their behavior.
Failure of individuals to exercise such self-control may lead to
disciplinary action, including termination.

Employees who voluntarily admit to having drug or alcohol problems that
have not resulted in disciplinary action may be eligible for unpaid time
off to participate in a rehabilitation program. Such a leave will be
granted if the employee abstains from use of the substance while on
leave, abides by all organization policies, rules, and prohibitions
relating to conduct in the workplace, and if Autumn Treatment Center
suffers no \"undue hardship\" as a consequence of granting the leave.

**Testing After Employment Has Initiated**

Unless prohibited by state or other law, Autumn Treatment Center
reserves the right to require that a current employee undergo an alcohol
or drug screen/test when Autumn Treatment Center suspects the

employee is under the influence of alcohol or illegal (or improperly
used prescription) drugs, or in the case of a workplace injury.

Employees who do not cooperate with the drug screen/test or are found to
have a confirmed positive alcohol or drug screen/test will be
immediately removed from safety- sensitive duties and are subject to
disciplinary action up to and including termination.

## Tobacco/Smoking Policy

Tobacco products are prohibited in any Autumn Treatment Center facility
or company-owned vehicle.

[Procedure:]{.underline}

1.  The use of tobacco products is prohibited in all vehicles owned,
    rented, or leased by Autumn Treatment Center, LLC.

2.  A violation of this policy by staff will be considered a job
    performance issue.

3.  Autumn Treatment Center does not permit using e-cigarettes or
    vaporizing devices in any ATC facility or company-owned vehicle.

## PERSONAL APPEARANCE/DRESS CODE

An employee's personal appearance should reflect pride in their work and
in the organization. Employees should dress appropriately in a neat and
businesslike manner. Dirty uniforms or clothes and poor grooming are to
be avoided.

Below are the minimum dress code requirements based on an employee's
position. Keep in mind that one can always dress above the minimum
requirements. Employees should ask their manager ahead of time about
choices that may be questionable.

- Physicians -- Business Casual (no jeans) or any solid-colored scrubs
  without any prints on them, except if the print is a Autumn Treatment
  Center logo.

- Nurse Practitioners - Business Casual (no jeans) or any solid-colored
  scrubs without any prints on them, except if the print is a Autumn
  Treatment Center logo.

- All other medical personnel (nurses, MA, etc.) -- Any solid-colored
  scrubs without any prints on them, except if the print is a Autumn
  Treatment Center logo.

- Front Desk & Support Staff --Autumn Treatment Center Casual (nice
  jeans, Autumn Treatment Center purchased tops or business casual tops
  with name badge -- no t-shirts) or any solid-colored scrubs without
  any prints on them, except if the print is a Autumn Treatment Center
  logo.

- Clinical Staff (Counselors/Case Managers) - Autumn Treatment Center
  Casual (nice jeans, Autumn Treatment Center purchased tops or business
  casual tops with name badge -- no t-shirts).

- Administrative Staff (majority of workday not spent in the clinical
  offices)

- Autumn Treatment Center Casual (nice jeans, Autumn Treatment Center
  purchased tops or business casual tops with name badge -- no
  t-shirts).

Footwear: Nice, clean, gym shoes are the minimum requirement and are
acceptable. Also, sandals are allowed but no flip-flops (characterized
as plastic and with no heel support).

Identification of employees is limited to name plates, school pins,
professional registration insignia, and service pins. The wearing of
medallions and identification for purposes other than association with
Autumn Treatment Center or a professional organization is not
authorized.

Special Circumstances:

Corporate Events: From time to time, Autumn Treatment Center may host or
take part in off-site corporate events. Attire for such events will be
communicated in advance, but all staff that are participating will be
required to dress accordingly, regardless of the normal day-to-day dress
code of their position.

Sponsored Activities:

Employees who are participating in activities as a representative of
Autumn Treatment Center must dress in accordance with the expected
standard of each event. As an example, an employee attending a meeting
with a partner organization or healthcare system may be asked to wear
business professional attire or if attending an industry conference
asked to dress in business casual attire. The employee is required to
comply with the dress code standard regardless of the normal day-to-day
dress code of their position.

## EMPLOYEE CONDUCT AND WORK RULES

To assure the orderly operation and to provide the best possible work
environment, Autumn Treatment Center expects employees to follow their
own common sense and general rules of good conduct so as to protect the
interest and safety of all employees, patients, and the Company.
Obviously, it is not possible to list all of the forms of behavior that
Autumn Treatment Center considers unacceptable in the workplace, but the
following are examples of conduct that may result in disciplinary
action, ranging from a verbal warning to suspension or termination from
employment. In any event, Autumn Treatment Center reserves the right to
terminate an employee at any time for any reason.

- Theft or unauthorized removal or possession of Company property

- Falsification of records

- Working under the influence of alcohol or illegal (or improperly used
  prescription) drugs

<!-- -->

- Possession, distribution, sale, transfer or use of alcohol or illegal
  drugs in the workplace

- Insubordination or disrespectful conduct

- Excessive absenteeism

- Excessive tardiness

- Failure to meet performance standards

- Assault, fighting, harassment or threatening to do bodily harm or
  damage to property

- Possession of weapons on Company property

- Unauthorized use or disclosure of confidential patient information

These work rules are presented as guidelines only. Obviously, the above
list is not exhaustive, and Autumn Treatment Center reserves the right
to discipline employees for other reasons not specifically

stated in this employee handbook.

## Employee Request Not to Participate in Aspect of Care

Autumn Treatment Center, LLC will attempt to accommodate staff who
request not to participate in an aspect of care due to his/her religious
or cultural beliefs.

###### 

[Procedure]{.underline}

1\. In the event a staff member believes they cannot participate in an
aspect of care due to their religious or cultural beliefs, Autumn
Treatment Center, LLC shall attempt to adjust the staff person's
schedule. A request must be submitted in writing to the Executive
Director not less than five (5) working days prior to the scheduled
activity.

2\. The Executive Director will review the written request and meet with
the staff member to make a determination concerning the possibility of
alternative scheduling or other resolution.

3\. The Executive Director and the employee's immediate supervisor will
determine if the issue is ongoing and if further resolution is required.

4\. In the event the staff member does not agree with the disposition
(alternative staffing is not available), they may initiate and follow
the staff grievance procedure.

5\. Full documentation of related events will be maintained in the
employee's personnel record by the immediate supervisor.

## CONFLICT RESOLUTION

**POLICY**:

Autumn Treatment Center is committed to providing the best possible
working conditions for its employees. Part of this commitment is
encouraging an open and frank atmosphere in which any problem,
complaint, suggestion, or question receives a timely response. Autumn
Treatment Center strives to ensure fair and honest treatment of all
employees. Supervisors, managers, and employees are expected to treat
each other with mutual respect. Employees are encouraged to offer
positive and constructive criticism. No employee will be penalized,
formally or informally, for voicing a complaint with Autumn Treatment
Center in a reasonable, business- like manner.

**PROCEDURES**:

If a situation occurs where an employee believes that a condition of
employment or a decision affecting them is unjust or inequitable, they
are encouraged to make use of the following steps:

1.  The employee discusses the problem with their immediate supervisor.
    A solution will usually result from an informal meeting. But if the
    problem seems unresolved within one work week of that discussion,
    the employee may ask the supervisor to arrange a meeting with the
    Supervisor. If the employee is uncomfortable speaking with their
    supervisor for any reason they may see the director of human
    resources instead.

2.  The employee filing the grievance (hereinafter called the
    "Complainant") must submit the grievance in writing stating the
    following:

    a.  Date of the alleged incident;

    b.  Time of the alleged incident;

    c.  Person(s) involved in the grievance;

    d.  Reason for the grievance.

Grievances should be presented within thirty (30) working days from the
date of the incident giving rise to an alleged grievance. The procedure
shall be as follows:

1.  Within three (3) working days of the request, the employee, the
    supervisor, and the Supervisor should discuss the problem and try to
    arrive jointly at a mutually acceptable resolution. The Supervisor
    will provide an answer within five (5) days of that meeting.

2.  If within three (3) days after receiving the Supervisor's decision,
    the employee remains unsatisfied, the employee may request a meeting
    with the director of human resources. Within five (5) work days of
    the request, the employee, the supervisor, and director of human
    resources will meet. The response will be given in writing within
    ten (10) workdays, with a copy of that response for the employer
    human resources record. The employee, if still unsatisfied, may also
    request a meeting with the Executive Director. The Executive
    Director's decision will be given in writing and will be issued
    within 30 days of the employee's request, if at all possible. The
    Executive Director's decision is final and binding.

3.  Autumn Treatment Center, LLC desires to deal with all grievances
    promptly. Any grievance not initially presented or appealed to the
    next step by the employee within the stated time limits, will be
    considered settled and will be barred from further processing. Time
    limits set forth may be extended by mutual written agreement of both
    parties.

4.  For the purpose of the procedure, working days will be considered
    Administrative work days, Monday through Friday. Holidays and
    weekends will not be considered working days for the purpose of this
    procedure.

5.  Time limits placed on the employee for filing appeals commences upon
    receipt of the written response.

[]{#_Toc105685163 .anchor}CONTINUING EDUCATION/CREDENTIALING

**POLICY:**

In its efforts to provide quality care, Autumn Treatment Center shall
strive to ensure that the clinicians providing services to clients are
appropriately credentialed. The credentialing process is carried out by
the Credentialing Committee, which acts under and reports to the Quality
Assurance Committee. An offer of employment may be made prior to the
credentialing process; however, clinicians shall not provide direct
service to clients until fully credentialed by the Credentialing
Committee to provide such services.

**PROCEDURES:**

The credentialing process is designed to assure that clinical staff meet
Autumn Treatment Center's credentialing requirements prior to performing
any clinical duties. In addition, each clinical staff member is
re-credentialed on an annual basis or whenever the staff member seeks to
perform a new duty in which they were not previously credentialed to
perform. In order to be credentialed for a particular clinical activity,
they must meet not only the education or work experience required of
their position but also must have fulfilled the learning requirements as
established in the structured educational requirements for that duty.
All credentialing is reviewed and approved by the Quality Assurance
Committee and the applicable credentialing forms are placed in the
clinician's personnel records. For all staff members, the personnel file
will reflect not only their education and experience but also include
assurance that the staff has the qualifications and ability to perform
the tasks that are part of their job responsibilities.

Staff providing or supervising services for which no credential has been
issued by a state credentialing board must complete at least twenty
hours of continuing education every two years, based on the individual's
date of hire.

Individuals who are originally hired in a position that does not require
staff development training but are later hired in such a position must
complete the first twenty hours of training within two years of the
first date of work in the new position.

## PERFORMANCE IMPROVEMENT PLAN

It is Autumn Treatment Center's goal to communicate to an employee as
early as possible a problem or concern interfering with team or
organizational performance and appropriate steps to correct the issue.
It is also the intent of this procedure to administer this corrective
counseling in a positive and constructive manner with the end goal
always being that the employee improves and becomes a better team member
for Autumn Treatment Center.

The supervisor, manager, or human resource representative will
communicate performance or other deficiencies to the employee, recommend
steps for improvement, and the corrective action to be taken if the
employee does not meet Autumn Treatment Center's improvement
expectations. The degree of corrective action will vary depending upon
the severity of the situation. The employee is asked to acknowledge the
counseling by signing a Performance Improvement Summary documenting the
counseling discussion. The document is placed in the employee's file.
The counseling document may also be used when Autumn Treatment Center
assesses the employee's performance during the performance evaluation
process. If the employee does not take recommended corrective steps,
performance does not improve, and/or additional performance issues
arise, further disciplinary action up to and including termination may
occur.

Autumn Treatment Center is an at-will employer and reserves the right to
terminate employment without using the performance improvement process
described above.

**POLICY:**

Autumn Treatment Center's Quality Assurance (QA) program is designed to
be well integrated and continuous with respect to clinical care and
operational services. The goal is to identify and ameliorate issues of
quality in the most efficient and appropriate manner possible. Emphasis
is placed on identifying and reviewing aspects of care identified by
clinical staff requiring attention, such as: high volume, persons with
multiple service needs, and cultural/linguistic competence when serving
ethnic and minority populations. To accomplish this task, Autumn
Treatment Center evaluates numerous aspects of its behavioral health
care service delivery to assure efficiency, effectiveness, and
appropriateness. Following the evaluation of the quality and
appropriateness of services, the QA program works to resolve any
identified problems and improve service delivery. For example, data
gathered from the Client Satisfaction Survey and Incident Reports are
utilized to monitor aspects of care, specifically those that may require
special emphasis. Autumn Treatment Center's QA Program is coordinated by
the QA Committee. The Executive Director selects the chair(s) and
members of this committee with attention to multidisciplinary
representatives, including Clinical Directors, and clinicians from
various disciplines. Autumn Treatment Center's QA Program has the
following goals:

**Goal \#1 -- Vision**: Develop and maintain policies and practices that
ensure the attainment of short- and long-term organizational vision.

**Goal \#2 - Clinical Performance**: Provide quality services and assess
clinical performance and outcomes.

**Goal \#3 - Health and Safety**: Formalize and implement all health and
safety procedures.

**Goal \#4 -- Diversity**: Monitor and train staff in the provision of
culturally and linguistically competent services.

**Goal \#5 - Community Presence**: Be recognized as an educator,
provider, and advocate of mental health and addiction issues in Pickaway
County, Ohio.

**Goal \#6 - Client Protections:** Maintain and Improve policies and
procedures related Client Rights, Complaints and Grievances, and
Incident notification

**Goal \#7 - Stakeholder Satisfaction**: Obtain, analyze, and implement
satisfaction and other feedback from stakeholders into quality
improvement activities.

**Goal \#8 -- Accessibility**: Minimize barriers to accessing services.

**Goal \#9 -- Staff Development**: Provide staff with professional
development opportunities based upon identified needs to ensure ATC has
a highly qualified workforce.

**Goal \#10 -- The Competitive Environment**: Monitor the advancements
of other competitive agencies and make appropriate recommendations to
administration.

**Goal \#11 -- The Regulatory Environment**: Monitor all regulatory
requirements and implement appropriate actions to remain compliant with
all requirements.

**Goal \#12 -- The Legislative Environment**: Monitor all applicable
legislative requirements and implement appropriate actions to remain
compliant with all requirements.

**Goal \#13 -- The Use of Technology**: Identify and implement new uses
of technology for the agency.

**Goal \#14 -- Financial Opportunities and Threats:** Continuously
analyze the agency's financial solvency and proactively take measures to
ensure agency viability in relation to internal and external
opportunities and threats.

The QA program resources consist of the personnel assigned to the
committee, computerized analysis of the data collected, and
administrative resources. The QA Committee bears the responsibility for
coordinating, collecting, and analyzing data related to all goals,
utilizing its findings to make improvement to the running of Autumn
Treatment Center. The QA Coordinator plays the major role in collecting
and analyzing data and producing reports. The role of the QA Committee
is to coordinate and analyze the data from the following sources:

- Autumn Treatment Center clinical and support staff

- Autumn Treatment Center financial department

- Autumn Treatment Center peer review

- Autumn Treatment Center Credentialing Committee

- Autumn Treatment Center utilization data

- Review and feedback from community stakeholders

- Review and feedback from outside providers

- Review and feedback from contract agencies/companies

- Autumn Treatment Center HIPAA Compliance Officer

- Autumn Treatment Center Corporate Compliance Officer

- Autumn Treatment Center Clients Rights Advocate

From these data points, the committee identifies deficiencies and
problems, and designs a course of action for their amelioration. The QA
Committee meets monthly to plan quality improvement projects throughout
the year and has full authority to evaluate improvement issues and
implement quality improvement corrective activities, pending approval
from the Executive Director. The QA Committee is also responsible for
ensuring that all client rights are upheld. The chairperson assures that
needed actions are instituted and is responsible for monitoring issues
and bringing them to the attention of the committee for follow up.

**The Autumn Treatment Center QA Committee**

Contemporaneous minutes of the QA Committee's decisions and actions are
maintained and confidential. These minutes are stored by a member of the
QA Committee when not in use. The minutes of the committee meetings are
reviewed to determine trends and clinical issues and to ensure that
changes and improvements are implemented. Autumn Treatment Center
recognizes that companies with which it contracts may have their own QA
programs and that Autumn Treatment Center's program must be consistent
with these programs. Autumn Treatment Center is committed to cooperating
with the QA program of each company with which it contracts. This
includes providing access to Autumn Treatment Center's clinical records
to the extent allowable by law and providing summary information
regarding utilization. In all instances, all clinical information and
data utilized by the QA Committee are strictly confidential and all
staff members are required to sign confidentiality agreements. Since the
QA Program is an integral part of the management of Autumn Treatment
Center, the program is reviewed on an annual basis. This ensures that
there is active staff participation in the development and management of
the program. The QA Program is also reviewed by Autumn Treatment
Center's Advisory Board.

**QA Program Operations**

The Autumn Treatment Center QA Program addresses the following areas:

**Clinical Records:** Clinical records maintained by Autumn Treatment
Center staff will utilize the Advanta Chart Electronic Medical Record
(EMR) system. All electronic forms are updated, as needed, based on
standard updates from OMHAS and other accrediting bodies.

**Staff Treatment and Education:** An integral part of the Autumn
Treatment Center's QA Program is the continuing Staff Development
Program. This consists of the following components:

- **Quarterly All-Staff Meetings** - These intensive days are devoted to
  Treatment staff on clinical and operational issues that are identified
  as relevant to the Autumn Treatment Center's QA Program.

- **Weekly Staff Meetings** - Autumn Treatment Center's Clinical Staff
  identifies Treatment topics for its weekly staff meetings.

- **Stakeholder Satisfaction** - All Autumn Treatment Center's clients
  are administered satisfaction surveys periodically throughout the year
  during an agency-wide survey administration time period. Every
  quarter, all clients who attend sessions during a two-week period are
  administered satisfaction surveys by the clinicians or by support
  staff. The Quality Assurance Coordinator is responsible for setting
  the timetable for survey administration and for notifying staff of
  when the administration of surveys should begin. The results of these
  surveys are tabulated for each provider and utilized to help determine
  clinical and operational difficulties, clinical effectiveness across
  clinicians, and programmatic effectiveness.

- **Referral Sources Surveys --** Organizations that refer clients to
  Autumn Treatment Center are administered satisfaction surveys on an
  annual basis to measure their satisfaction with our services to their
  clients. These surveys are sent by email or by post.

- **Personnel Input Surveys** - All Autumn Treatment Center's staff
  members are administered Personnel Input Surveys twice per year. Staff
  members are asked for ratings, feedback, and suggestions regarding
  various areas of the running of the company, including overall company
  management, communication, and the effectiveness of Clinical Director,
  clinical staff, and support staff.

- **Employee Exit Interviews** - Employees who voluntarily resign from
  Autumn Treatment Center are asked for their feedback during an exit
  interview. In each case where employee satisfaction is examined,
  problems or deficiencies indicated by the data are identified by the
  QA Committee and a course of corrective action is implemented and
  monitored.

**Peer Review Purpose/Tasks**:

1.  All clinicians participate in a review of a peer's clinical file for
    compliance with Medicaid, private insurance, OMHAS, and the policies
    of Autumn Treatment Center on a monthly basis.

2.  The Peer Review Chairperson reviews and compiles the clinical peer
    review data and provides a written report on a monthly basis to the
    Quality Assurance Committee. The report identifies trends, issues,
    and treatment needs for the clinicians. All clinicians complete a
    peer review each month. The Peer Review Chairperson is assigned by
    the Quality Assurance Committee. A support staff member is assigned
    by the Quality Assurance Committee to assist the Peer Review
    Chairperson in completing the monthly peer review process.

**Clinical Peer Review Procedures**:

1.  Each clinician will be assigned one person to review each month.

2.  Psychiatrists will each review each other's charts twice a year, in
    January and July.

3.  One closed chart per month will be included in the Peer Review.

4.  Each month, the assigned support staff will randomly select one
    clinical record for each clinician needing to be reviewed. Peer
    review cases includes a selection of records to be reviewed --
    including forensic and non-forensic individual, group, drug and
    alcohol, and sex offender clients.

5.  Non-forensic clinicians will review non-forensic clinicians' records
    and forensic clinicians will complete reviews on forensic records
    because of their knowledge of forensic requirements.

6.  Psychology Interns will review each other's clinical records. In
    addition, clinical supervisors will be assigned to review Psychology
    Intern clinical records.

7.  The Peer Review Support staff will notify reviewers through email
    about which clinician and client record they will be reviewing.

8.  When reviewing charts for clients who are receiving multiple
    services (e.g., individual counseling plus groups), clinicians
    should be reviewing the entire chart, and not only the material
    related to the identified clinician. They will send any corrections
    to ALL clinicians that need to receive them.

9.  The cases will be assigned on the 10th of each month and will be due
    back on the 17th of each month. The reviewer will email the
    completed form to the clinician under review and also to the peer
    review support staff who assigned it.

10. Once the clinician under review receives the peer review form by
    email, the clinician should review the suggestions/recommendations
    and make all necessary corrections.

11. The clinician under review should send a detailed email to the Peer
    Review Chair documenting that the clinician reviewed the feedback
    from the reviewer and that all required changes were made by the
    21st of each month.

12. The peer review support staff will compile all forms and will notify
    the reviewers by email if they have not completed their chart review
    by the deadline. The support staff member will document names of
    clinicians who do not complete peer review or who do not meet the
    deadlines for peer review and supply these names to the Peer Review
    Chair.

13. The chair will review the forms and verify that all necessary
    changes were made. The chair will use the peer reviews to identify
    trends and treatment needs and complete a Quality Assurance Peer
    Review Report. Trends can be identified for groups of clinicians
    that show common needs or for a particular clinician who shows the
    same need or many needs over several months. The chairperson will
    also identify any trends in non-completion or non-timely completion
    of peer review.

## PERFORMANCE EVALUATIONS

Recognizing outstanding performance and growth of individuals with
competitive pay adjustments is a continuous process. Supervisors and
employees are encouraged to discuss job performance and goals on an
informal, day-to-day basis.

A formal written performance evaluation will be conducted at the end of
an employee\'s initial period of hire, known as the orientation period.
Additional performance reviews are conducted to provide both Autumn
Treatment Center and the employee the opportunity to discuss job tasks,
identify and correct weaknesses, encourage and recognize strengths, and
discuss positive, purposeful approaches for meeting goals. Formal
performance evaluations should occur during the company-wide annual
performance evaluation period in the winter. Circumstances can arise
during employment that may cause formal performance appraisals to be
hastened or delayed in time, depending on the circumstance.

Merit-based pay adjustments are made by Autumn Treatment Center in an
effort to recognize superior employee performance. The decision to award
such an adjustment depends on numerous factors, including the
information documented by the formal performance review and evaluation
process. Neither the employee\'s length of service, nor the employee\'s
participation in any formal or informal performance review is a
guarantee of any pay adjustment or of continued employment.

That being said, merit-based pay adjustments are made by Autumn
Treatment Center at the beginning of each calendar year based on the
employee's previous year's performance and are communicated to the
employee prior to the adjustment is instituted.

**POLICY:**

All employees of Autumn Treatment Center will participate in a
performance evaluation with their respective supervisor based on the
schedule outlined in the procedures below.

**PROCEDURES:**

1\. Schedule of performance evaluations:

> a\. After the first 90 days of employment
>
> b\. After the first 90 days of service in a new position at the agency
>
> c\. Once a year on employee's anniversary date
>
> d\. More often if deemed necessary by the employee's supervisor based
> on the employee's performance

2\. The performance evaluation will be completed before and during an
interview between the employee and his or her supervisor or designee.
The employee is encouraged to share in the evaluation process by adding
written comments to the evaluation form.

3\. The employee is also encouraged to do the following:

> a\. Inquire about performance periodically
>
> b\. Accept additional responsibilities and show initiative
>
> c\. Review opportunities for advancement within the agency
>
> d\. Learn about training available to assist the employee in skills
> improvement, promotion, or lateral transfer

4\. Clinical staff must ensure that clinical performance as noted on
annual work performance evaluation is adequate.

5\. The Executive Director of Autumn Treatment Center shall undergo an
annual '360' performance evaluation, conducted under the direction of
the Quality Assurance Committee. Areas of evaluation include:

> a\. General job performance
>
> b\. Demonstration of proficiency in following ethical standards and
> standards from all accrediting bodies
>
> c\. Engagement in honest and constructive feedback to and from staff
>
> d\. Identification of clear goals for the company
>
> e\. Ability to apply sound judgment to business and staffing decisions
>
> f\. Proficiency in treating staff with fairness and respect

6\. Contract staff performance will be annually evaluated on the
following:

a.  Implementation: Activities put into place as originally intended

b.  Effectiveness: Achieving the goals and objectives intended to
    accomplish

c.  Efficiency: Activities being produced with appropriate use of
    resources such as budget and staff time

d.  Cost-Effectiveness: Value or benefit of achieving your program's
    goals and objectives exceed the cost of producing them

e.  Attribution: Progress on goals and objectives of the program

<!-- -->

7.  Autumn Treatment Center does not utilize volunteers and, therefore,
    does not have a performance evaluation process in place for
    volunteers.

**Applicable Forms:**

Employee Performance Evaluation Form

## Staff Development and Training

It is the policy of Autumn Treatment Center, LLC to provide staff
development and training activities for all levels of personnel.

[Definitions - Types Of Staff Development:]{.underline}

[Workshops]{.underline}: Meetings designed to instruct employees in the
use of new techniques, or to carry out new procedures; meetings designed
to reduce problems and increase job performance; meetings designed to
discuss current concerns, instruction, and/or training methods, etc.

[Observation:]{.underline} Release from duty to visit (observe) other
agencies, units who provide services to individuals with chemical
dependency.

[Convention/Conference:]{.underline} A formal, education program
(assembly) sponsored, usually by professional organization/individuals
and designed to address specific clinical issues, provide practical
assistance, address changes within the field and provide specific
training techniques.

[Approved Correspondence Courses:]{.underline} A course approved by the
State Credentialing/Licensing Board.

[Attendance:]{.underline} Voluntary. Attendance at meeting for staff
development arising from one's own free will/initiative.

[Attendance on Recertification/Re-licensure:]{.underline} In-house
training/or other education events are to be attended unless staff
member is on vacation, ill, or excused by coordinator/management. Time
can be flexed to attend these events.

[Involuntary:]{.underline} Mandated attendance to meetings for staff
development (related mostly to orientation and staff meetings).

[Procedure]{.underline}

1.  Executive Director coordinate all staff development, in-service
    > training, and conferences/workshops of employees to ensure that
    > staff receives relevant training toward certification/licensure
    > requirements. Preference is given to employees who need CEUs
    > toward their certification/licensure.

2.  Staff development efforts which include orientation and training
    > programs shall be provided to all employees. Orientation shall
    > include information on accessibility of other aids for challenged
    > persons and for ethnic minority persons seeking services.

3.  External educational opportunities shall be made available to
    > professional and administrative staff.

<!-- -->

A.  External educational opportunities that staff attend should focus
    on:

<!-- -->

1.  Maintaining current licensure/certification.

2.  Maintaining proficiency of specific technical knowledge and skills.

3.  The findings of the Performance Improvement program, and

4.  Personal professional development.

<!-- -->

B.  Attendance records and program evaluations shall be maintained by
    Autumn Treatment Center, LLC.

# WORKING ENVIRONMENT

## SOLICITATION & DISTRIBUTION {#solicitation-distribution}

During working time Autumn Treatment Center regulates the solicitation
of employees and the distribution of non-work-related literature to
employees. The company also regulates the posting of non-work-related
items on Company bulletin boards and using the company\'s electronic
communication systems and social media systems. As used in this policy:

- The term \"working time\" means the period of time that an employee
  spends performing actual job duties, and does not include meal periods
  or breaks;

- The term \"work areas\" includes all Autumn Treatment Center locations
  on the entirety Autumn Treatment Center's premises where employees
  conduct work for the company, but does not include break areas,
  cafeterias or parking lots (\"non-work areas\"); and

- The term \"solicit\" means any effort to sell goods or services or to
  raise money on behalf of the soliciting party personally, or for any
  outside organization, club, society, religious group, political party,
  or similar organization, or the distribution of any materials such as
  leaflets or flyers for those organizations.

The following restrictions apply:

- Solicitation - Absent prior authorization from management, no employee
  may solicit another employee for any purpose not directly related to
  the employee\'s assigned work, if the solicitation occurs during the
  employee\'s working time or the working time of the employee being
  solicited. Solicitation is permitted when both parties are not on
  working time.

- Distribution - Absent prior authorization from management: (a) no
  employee may distribute written literature or materials for any
  purpose not directly related to the employee\'s assigned work, if the
  distribution occurs during either the employee\'s working time or the
  working time of any employee approached; and (b) distribution of these
  documents is prohibited at all times in all working areas on Company
  premises. Employees may distribute non-work related written documents
  to other employees in non-work areas during non-working time.

- Postings / Bulletin Boards - Generally, Autumn Treatment Center\'s
  bulletin boards are intended to be used for business-related purposes.
  Absent prior authorization from management, the posting of other items
  not directly related to work is prohibited. However, the posting of
  personal items for sale or rent such as would appear in the classified
  section of a newspaper (e.g., cottage rental, auto for sale) is
  permitted.

For purposes of this Policy, the following activities are generally
authorized:

- Company fundraising events, provided that the requestor receives
  advance approval from Human Resources. These events may occur in work
  areas during work time and use corporate resources.

- Small-scale employee collections or sale of items for the benefit of
  non-profit organizations, such as schools, girl scouts and other youth
  clubs, or certain persons in need of charitable assistance, such as
  local families or employees in distress, provided that employees:

  - Receive advance approval from their manager;

  - Raise funds to serve primarily charitable (vs. social) purposes and
    events;

  - Do so within their own work area during non-working time and before
    or after the department\'s work hours;

  - Do not pressure other employees to participate;

  - Do not use corporate resources (including e-mail and printers); and

  - Do not interrupt other employees during their work time.

**VISITORS**

Visitors (including former employees, vendors, patients, family members,
etc.) are not allowed beyond the reception area without permission and
must be escorted throughout the premises at all times. Visitors must
identify themselves, sign the visitor's book, and state their business.
Visitors must obtain a visitor's badge from the receptionist and wear it
so that it is easily visible. Visitors are required to follow all
company rules.

Visitors who are not vendors (i.e., former employees, children, family
members, etc.) must be supervised at all times and are only allowed in
the main reception area and the break rooms. Children should not be
present in the clinical workspace at any time, especially during
practice hours. Any employee seeing a violation of the above rules
should inform his/her supervisor.

## PETS & ANIMALS {#pets-animals}

Employees' pets as well as any other animals are not allowed anywhere in
Autumn Treatment Center's facility with the exception of animals
assisting with handicapped persons (e.g. seeing eye dogs) or assisting
with therapy sessions (group therapy, etc.). Any employee seeing a
violation of the above rule should inform his/her supervisor
immediately.

## BREAKS FOR NURSING MOTHERS

Autumn Treatment Center recognizes the value and importance of breast
feeding and supports our employees' desire to breast feed their infants
by accommodating the mother who wishes to express breast milk during her
workday when separated from her newborn child. For up to one year after
a child's birth, or longer if required by state law, any employee who is
breastfeeding her child will be provided with reasonable break times to
express breast milk for her baby each time that employee has the need to
express milk.

The Company will provide reasonable unpaid breaks each day to an
employee who needs to express breast milk for her infant. If possible,
lactation break time should run concurrently with scheduled meal and
rest breaks already provided to the employee. If not possible, or
additional time beyond break time already provided by that employee's
department is needed, the lactation break time will be unpaid for
non-exempt employees. Employees will be relieved of all work-related
duties during any unpaid break.

The Company will provide, when possible, the following:

- Access to a location, other than a bathroom, that provides a private
  space that is shielded from view and free from intrusion from
  co-workers and the public;

- Access to a place to sit for the nursing mother and a flat surface,
  other than the floor, on which she can place the pump;

- Access to a clean sink for washing hands and rinsing out breast
  pumping equipment;

- And Access to hygienic storage for breast milk.

All employees are encouraged to provide an atmosphere of support for
breastfeeding employees by respecting their privacy and recognizing the
need for special accommodations. Discrimination against, harassment of,
or retaliation against, breastfeeding employees is expressly prohibited.

The Company will comply with all federal and state regulations
concerning breastfeeding or storage of breast milk.

A written request must be made to Human Resources. Human Resources will
work with the employee's supervisor to designate a private room to
express milk and determine appropriate storage for expressed milk. The
employee will create a tentative schedule of breaks to express milk. If
those needs change, the employee will communicate with their supervisor
and Human Resources to adjust the proposed schedule, as needed.

**SMOKING**

To accommodate smokers and nonsmokers, smoking is permitted only in the
designated exterior areas.

In compliance with the Ohio Smoke-Free Workplace Act, smoking will be
prohibited in all enclosed areas, including cafeterias, employee
lounges, hallways, offices, restrooms, and vehicles.

This policy applies equally to all employees, patients, and visitors.

## USE OF EQUIPMENT

Equipment essential in accomplishing job duties is often expensive and
may be difficult to replace. When using Autumn Treatment Center
property, employees are expected to exercise care, perform required
maintenance, and follow all operating instructions, safety standards and
guidelines. Under no circumstances are employees permitted to use Autumn
Treatment Center equipment/property for their own personal use, unless
given express prior authorization from the supervisor responsible for
the equipment. The supervisor should be notified immediately if any
equipment appears to be damaged, defective or in need of repair. Prompt
reporting of damages, defects and the need for repairs could prevent
deterioration of equipment and possible injury to employees or others.
The supervisor can answer any questions about an employee\'s
responsibility for maintenance and care of equipment used on the job.

The improper, careless, negligent, destructive, or unsafe use or
operation of equipment can result in disciplinary action, up to and
including termination.

No employee is to remove any Autumn Treatment Center property from the
work premises unless he or she first obtains clear and express approval
from both his or her supervisor and the supervisor responsible for the
equipment.

Desks, lockers, and other storage devices may be provided for the
convenience of employees but remain Autumn Treatment Center's property.
Accordingly, this property, as well as any articles found in them, can
be inspected, or tested by any agent or representative of Autumn
Treatment Center at any time, with or without prior notice.

Autumn Treatment Center likewise wishes to discourage theft or
unauthorized possession of the property of employees, Autumn Treatment
Center, visitors, and patients. To facilitate enforcement of this
policy, Autumn Treatment Center or its representatives may inspect not
only desks and lockers but also vehicles, packages and persons entering
and/or leaving the premises.

## USE OF PHONES

While at work, employees are expected to exercise discretion in using
the company phones and/or mobile phones. Excessive personal calls during
the workday, regardless of the phone used, can interfere with employee
productivity and be distracting to others. Employees are asked to make
any personal calls on non-work time and to ensure that friends and
family members are aware of the Company's policy. Flexibility will be
provided in circumstances demanding immediate attention.

Personal long-distance calls resulting in charges to Autumn Treatment
Center are not permitted at any time.

The company is not liable for the loss of personal mobile phones or
other electronic devices brought into the workplace or used by an
employee while traveling on company business.

**Corrective Action**

Any employee aware of a policy violation should immediately report the
violation to their supervisor, department head and/or Human Resources

Employees who violate this policy and/or use Autumn Treatment Center
phones for improper purposes will be subject to disciplinary action, up
to and including termination.

## ELECTRONIC COMMUNICATION POLICY

Autumn Treatment Center provides voicemail, e-mail and Internet access
and any other electronic devices throughout its facilities to improve
service to our patients and enhance communications both inside and
outside Autumn Treatment Center. The use of electronic communications
can provide substantial benefits to Autumn Treatment Center, but misuse
may subject Autumn Treatment Center to liability to third parties and
cause damage to the reputation and goodwill of Autumn Treatment Center.

**Scope**

This policy applies to all Autumn Treatment Center employees and also
applies to all forms of electronic communication and computerized
systems, including, but not limited to: electronic-mail (email), Autumn
Treatment Center network and file storage/transfers, internet, intranet,
and voicemail system usage. While the primary focus of this policy is on
the use of email, the Autumn Treatment Center network and internet, the
policy covers all types of electronic communication; electronic
messaging systems, and all other Autumn Treatment Center computerized
systems (hereafter called "Autumn Treatment Center Computerized
Systems").

By accepting an account password, related information, and accessing
Autumn Treatment Center

Computerized Systems, an employee agrees to adhere to Autumn Treatment
Center policies regarding

their use. The employee also agrees to report any misuse or policy
violation(s) to their supervisor, the Vice President of Compliance and
Quality, and/or Human Resources.

**Access and Permitted Use**

Use of Autumn Treatment Center Computerized Systems by employees is
provided as a tool for employees to utilize for business purposes during
the course of their employment. Autumn Treatment Center reserves the
right to suspend access at any time, without notice, for technical
reasons,

possible policy violations, security or other concerns.

Autumn Treatment Center Computerized Systems that provide access to the
internet for selected Autumn Treatment Center employees should primarily
be used for Autumn Treatment Center business activities. Employees may
access the internet outside the course of normal business activities
(e.g. lunch or breaks) as long as it does not interfere with their
performance. Employees using Autumn Treatment Center Computerized
Systems are prohibited from continued receipt, sending, storing,
accessing, of non-business-related files / messages / websites of the
following nature or uses:

- Programs, games, and graphics

- Any files containing a virus, worm or other harmful component

- Chain letters

- Unconfirmed security related alerts, such as viruses, hoaxes, and
  exposures

- Material in support or operation of any business other than Autumn
  Treatment Center

- Content that expresses personal views about subjects inappropriate for
  a productive workplace

- Copying or downloading copyrighted materials. This includes, but is
  not limited to, software, articles, and graphics protected by
  copyright

- Downloading or live streaming of non-business-related files, such as
  radio broadcasts, music, and video clips, etc.

<!-- -->

- Employees are prohibited from:

- Attempting unauthorized access to resources or locations (internal or
  external to Autumn Treatment Center), otherwise known as "hacking"

- Willfully introducing a virus, harmful component, corrupted data or
  the malicious tampering with any of Autumn Treatment Center
  Computerized Systems

- Downloading software from the internet or by other means without prior
  written or email approval of the Information Systems (IS) Department

- Attempting to access or visit internet sites, which include drugs,
  gambling, pornography, terrorism, or other inappropriate or
  objectionable sites

- Engaging in criminal activity in violation of any local, state or
  federal ordinances

- Participating in activities, including the preparation or
  dissemination of content, which could damage Autumn Treatment Center's
  professional image, reputation and/or financial stability

**Confidential Information**

Employees may have access to confidential information about Autumn
Treatment Center, other employees and patients. Employees may use email
to communicate confidential information

internally to those with a need to know. Such email should be marked
\"Internal &

Confidential -- Do Not Copy or Distribute -- Internal & Confidential."

When communicating highly confidential information via email, users are
cautioned that no security is unbreakable. Discretion must be exercised
when sending any confidential information via email.

Confidential information sent outside of Autumn Treatment Center is
subject to all the terms and conditions of Autumn Treatment Center's
Confidentiality Agreement, executed separately, with the employee. At no
time is it acceptable to disseminate Autumn Treatment Center proprietary
or confidential information to unauthorized persons.

**Sending and Receiving Electronic Communications**

Autumn Treatment Center utilizes electronic mail and voicemail
throughout its facilities to improve service to our patients, reduce
paperwork, improve employee productivity, and enhance internal and
external communications.

Autumn Treatment Center employees' use of the email and voicemail
systems will adhere to the following policies and procedures:

- All information created, sent, or received via Autumn Treatment Center
  Computerized Systems, including all email/voicemail messages and
  electronic files, is the property of Autumn Treatment Center

- Employees should have no expectation of privacy regarding this
  information

- Autumn Treatment Center reserves the right to access, read, review,
  monitor, and copy all messages and files on Autumn Treatment Center
  Computerized Systems at any time and without notice

- When deemed necessary, Autumn Treatment Center reserves the right to
  disclose text or images to law enforcement agencies or other third
  parties without the employee's consent

- The Autumn Treatment Center email and voicemail system is not to be
  used to conduct personal business

- While the Company does not expect that employees will never receive or
  send "personal" emails, it does expect that such usage be kept to a
  minimum

<!-- -->

- Any excess personal usage, as determined by the employee's supervisor,
  may subject the employee to corrective action

- Any personal e-mail sent or received by an employee from company
  premises is subject to the requirements and restrictions set forth in
  this employee handbook, including review of content

- Employees using Autumn Treatment Center Computerized Systems are
  prohibited from the following uses of email or emails that:

  - Are disruptive, offensive to others or harmful to morale, or
    otherwise contrary to Autumn Treatment Center's policy against
    harassment

  - Contain threats, statements of intimidation, derogatory comments,
    statements, or messages relating to a person's: religion, race,
    color, ethnicity, national origin, gender, age, sexual orientation,
    marital status, veteran status, record of criminal conviction or
    disability

  - Display or transmit sexually explicit material: images, messages, or
    cartoons

  - Impersonate another individual or business entity for the purpose of
    avoiding detection

  - Are sent without the employee's name attached

  - Solicit other employees or non-employees for commercial ventures,
    religious or political causes, outside organizations, or other
    non-job-related issues or causes

- Only Information Systems (IS) personnel authorized in advance, in
  writing or via email, by the Chief Executive Officer, Vice President
  of Compliance and Quality, or Human Resources are permitted to access
  another person's e-mail without the employee's consent

- Employees will not attempt to gain access to another employee's
  personal file of email messages without that employee's express
  permission

**Corrective Action**

Any employee aware of a policy violation should immediately report the
violation to their supervisor, Vice President of Compliance and Quality,
and/or Human Resources.

Employees who violate this policy will be subject to disciplinary
action, up to and including termination.

## SOFTWARE USAGE POLICY

Employees are to use software strictly in accordance with its license
agreement. Unless otherwise provided in the license, the duplication of
copyrighted software (except for backup and archival purposes by
designated managerial personnel) is a violation of copyright law. In
addition to being in violation of the law, unauthorized duplication of
software is a violation of Autumn Treatment Center's Software Usage
Policy.

To ensure compliance with software license agreements and Autumn
Treatment Center's Software Usage Policy, employees must adhere to the
following:

- Employees must use software in accordance with the manufacturer's
  license agreements and Autumn Treatment Center's Software Usage
  Policy. The Company licenses the use of computer software from a
  variety of outside companies. Autumn Treatment Center does not own the
  copyright to software licensed from other companies. Employees
  acknowledge they do not own software or its related documentation.
  Employees may not make additional copies of software, unless expressly
  authorized by the software publisher. The only exception will be a
  single copy, as authorized by designated managerial personnel, for
  backup or archival purposes.

- Employees illegally reproducing software may be subject to civil and
  criminal penalties including fines and imprisonment. NOTE:
  Unauthorized reproduction of software is a federal offense under US
  and Canadian copyright law. In the United States, violators may be
  subject to civil damages in amounts up to \$150,000 per title copied.
  Criminal penalties include fines as high as \$250,000 per software
  title copied, and imprisonment of up to 5 years.

- Any employee who knowingly makes, acquires, or uses unauthorized
  copies of computer software licensed to Autumn Treatment Center, or
  who places or uses unauthorized software on Company premises or
  equipment shall be subject to disciplinary action, up to and including
  termination.

- Autumn Treatment Center does not condone and prohibits the
  unauthorized duplication of software.

- Employees are not permitted to install their personal software onto
  Autumn Treatment Center's computer system. Employees are not permitted
  to copy software from Autumn Treatment Center's computer system for
  installation on home or other computers without prior written
  authorization.

<!-- -->

- In cases that require an employee to use software at home, Autumn
  Treatment Center will

- purchase an additional copy or license. Employee acknowledges that any
  additional copies or licenses purchased for home use are the property
  of Autumn Treatment Center. Employees who are required to use software
  at home should consult with the IS

- Department to determine if appropriate licenses allow for home use.

- Employees are prohibited from giving software to patients, patients,
  vendors and other persons not in the employ of Autumn Treatment
  Center. Under no circumstances will Autumn Treatment Center or Autumn
  Treatment Center employees use software from an unauthorized source,
  including, but not limited to, the internet, home, friends, and
  colleagues.

- Employees who suspect or become aware of software misuse are required
  to notify their supervisor, department manager, Vice President of
  Compliance and Quality, and/or Human Resources.

- All software used on Company-owned computers will be purchased through
  appropriate procedures.

**Corrective Action**

Any employee aware of a policy violation should immediately report the
violation to their supervisor, Vice President of Compliance and Quality,
and/or Human Resources.

Employees who violate this policy will be subject to disciplinary
action, up to and including termination.

## ELECTRONIC SECURITY

The security of computerized files containing business information is
vital to Autumn Treatment Center. All employees having access to files,
programs, mobile electronic storage devices such as "memory sticks",
etc., must ensure that this information is properly protected.

**Scope**

This policy applies to all forms of electronic files and computerized
systems, including, but not limited to: electronic mail (email), network
files, workstation and laptop hard drives, and telephone and voicemail
systems (hereafter called "Autumn Treatment Center Computerized
Systems").

**Policy**

Any employee who works with or has access to sensitive or confidential
information must ensure that their computer equipment is inaccessible to
others when away from their work area. This can include: physically
securing the equipment/device, closing the program, logging off, locking
keyboards, backing up, and proper storage of disks.

- Access to the Autumn Treatment Center network from anywhere outside
  Autumn Treatment Center premises is prohibited unless authorization is
  provided following approved security procedures.

- Password protection is the individual responsibility of all computer
  users.

<!-- -->

- Employees are responsible for adherence to password change requests
  when prompted by the Autumn Treatment Center Computerized Systems or
  applications. Utilizing another person's password or attempting to
  gain access to another person's files without permission will result
  in appropriate disciplinary action.

- Any attempt by any Autumn Treatment Center employee to, in any way,
  corrupt the network, the system, programs, files, etc., will result in
  immediate termination and may be grounds for legal action.

- Autumn Treatment Center reserves the right, without prior notice, to
  access any employee\'s computer, files and/or programs at any time, as
  well as to change any password as is deemed necessary to ensure proper
  protection of Company information.

- An employee must obtain written approval by the Chief Executive
  Officer or Vice President of Compliance and Quality prior to storing
  any Autumn Treatment Center business information on third-party
  servers/services, such as email services or Application Service
  Providers (ASPs).

- Employees are cautioned that deleting a message or file in no way
  guarantees that it cannot be retrieved, read, or reproduced in the
  future. The removal of hardware or software resources from Company
  property is prohibited without appropriate authorization.

Employees are prohibited from:

- Permitting or granting use of an email or system account to another
  employee or persons outside Autumn Treatment Center.

- Permitting another person to use an account or password to access the
  company network or the internet, including but not limited to someone
  whose access has been denied or terminated.

- Using another employee's password or impersonating another person
  while communicating or accessing the network or internet.

**Corrective Action**

Though each individual is responsible for his/her own actions,
management personnel are responsible for ensuring employee compliance
with this Autumn Treatment Center policy.

Any employee aware of a policy violation should immediately report the
violation to their supervisor and/or the Vice President of Compliance
and Quality.

Employees who violate this policy will be subject to disciplinary
action, up to and including termination.

# SAFETY

The Occupational Safety and Health Act of 1970 clearly states our common
goal that the safety and health of our employees continues to be a
paramount consideration in the operation of this business. Establishment
and maintenance of a safe work environment requires management
commitment and employee involvement.

Autumn Treatment Center is committed to providing a safe and healthy
work environment for each employee, to provide complete instructions
covering safe working methods, to make available equipment required to
protect employees against particular hazards and to complying with
federal, state, and local safety regulations.

Employees are expected to attend safety training meetings arranged by
the Company, follow safety guidelines, adhere to all safety instructions
provided by their supervisor and/or trainer, exercise caution in all
work activities, use safety equipment where required, analyze their work
areas, and immediately report any unsafe equipment, working condition,
process, or procedure to their supervisor. Employees at all levels of
Autumn Treatment Center are expected to identify and correct unsafe
conditions as promptly as possible.

Employees must be not only aware of Autumn Treatment Center's safety
policies and procedures, but also act in strict compliance with these
policies and procedures and good, safe, medically accepted practices to
assure as little risk of exposure as possible. Disciplinary measures
will be used where noncompliance is observed.

**POLICY:**

**Safety Monitoring:**

Safety monitoring is conducted on a quarterly basis and is the
responsibility of the Health and Safety Officer. Results of this
monitoring are reported to the Office Manager for review and
identification of recommendations for improvement. The reviews include
but are not limited to the following.

**Reportable Incident Reviews:**

The Chief of Operations Officer reviews any Reportable (Major and
Unusual) Incident reports monthly. A copy of the annual incident reports
is also forwarded to the Paint Valley ADAMH Board. The committee
monitors these reports for:

- Trends/patterns

- Response and follow-up

- Action taken by staff

- Corrective action and follow-up required by administrator

- Effectiveness of corrective or follow-up actions

## HAZARD COMMUNICATION & TRAINING PROGRAM {#hazard-communication-training-program}

The Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) Hazard
Communication Standard 29 CFR 1910.1200 establishes uniform requirements
to make sure that the hazards of all chemicals imported into, produced,
or used in U.S. workplaces are evaluated, and that hazard information is
communicated to all affected employees.

Training to the requirements of the Hazard Communication Standard is
required for all employees (full-time, part-time, contract, temporary,
seasonal) at the time of their initial assignment. In addition, the
employee's supervisor is responsible for ensuring that specific
information about hazardous materials is communicated to the employee
before he or she begins work with those materials.

**POLICY/PROCEDURES:**

Autumn Treatment Center provides initial and on-going (annual) training
on each emergency or safety procedure. All members of our staff are
required to receive each training, including, but not limited to the
following:

**Fire Safety and Utility Outage or Malfunction**

Autumn Treatment Center shall maintain a fire-safe environment for staff
and persons served. All staff shall be familiar with basic fire safety,
the evacuation plans for their respective buildings, and with the
procedures outlined in this Employee Handbook. All Autumn Treatment
Center employees will receive training on this fire safety policy during
their Orientation and an annual update will be provided to all employees
with Autumn Treatment Center's overall crisis plan.

**Bomb Threats**

Autumn Treatment Center shall provide a safe environment for staff and
persons served by acting upon a bomb threat in a swift and efficient
manner. All staff will become familiar with the evacuation plan in their
respective buildings and with the procedures below. All staff will
receive training on these procedures during their Orientation and an
annual training will be conducted by the Emergency Planning Team.

**Infection Control Plan**

The Emergency Planning Team is responsible for staff education and for
ensuring availability of necessary equipment and that all aspects of
this plan are adhered to.

All staff shall receive initial training during their Orientation and,
at minimum, an annual training in prevention and control of infections
and communicable diseases. Such education shall include the use of
Universal Precautions, location (in the respective offices) and use of
Personal Protective Equipment, and a review of the OSHA guidelines. Such
training shall be competency-based.

Emergency Planning Team staff shall educate persons served and other
applicable stakeholders on the prevention and control of infections and
communicable diseases when appropriate. Such education can be provided
verbally or in writing and can include referrals for further education
or information when appropriate.

Autumn Treatment Center shall maintain an adequate supply of the
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) and other equipment necessary to
prevent or control infection. Such equipment shall include latex gloves
(and suitable non-latex gloves if any staff member has a latex allergy),
eye and face shields, gowns, appropriate cleaning supplies, warning
signs, and hazardous material disposal bags. "Spill kits" that contain
these materials may also suffice. The office support staff shall replace
any equipment after use, and shall inspect each office at least
quarterly, under the direction of the Emergency Planning Team, to ensure
an adequate supply.

Autumn Treatment Center will follow OSHA Guidance on Safety Training.

## HAZARD MATERIALS AND INFECTION CONTROL

**POLICY:**

Autumn Treatment Center recognizes that a safe work environment is the
responsibility of all staff. All staff shall be familiar with basic
safety procedures below, Universal Precautions, and the use of Personal
Protective Equipment (PPE).

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  When a health or safety hazard exists, staff members shall remove
    the hazard when possible. Universal precautions and Personal
    Protective Equipment (PPE) shall be used. PPE are located in or near
    the first aid kit in each office.

2.  If the hazard cannot be immediately removed, then others should be
    shielded from the hazard by physical barricade, warning signs,
    and/or verbal warnings. Steps should then be taken for the hazard to
    be removed.

3.  If a safety hazard cannot be immediately removed, or if the hazard
    was removed but the problem requires more attention, the Health and
    Safety Officer shall be notified immediately.

4.  The Health and Safety Officer will perform an on-going inspection of
    his/her area to ensure that all aisles, halls, and storage areas are
    safe and clutter free, and that the first aid kit is appropriately
    stocked.

5.  Autumn Treatment Center staff shall not leave Autumn Treatment
    Center offices with a client for any reason due to safety reasons.

6.  If any dependent client is transported to Autumn Treatment Center
    offices, the transporter must remain in the waiting room in case of
    an emergency.

**Applicable Forms:**

Drill/Inspection Report

**INFECTION CONTROL**

**POLICY:**

Autumn Treatment Center ensures that agency staff members are trained in
methods to prevent and control infection, and to ensure that staff
members have access to the appropriate equipment necessary to assist in
such methods.

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  The Medical Assistant is responsible for staff education. The Health
    and Safety Officer is responsible for ensuring availability of
    necessary equipment. The Chief Operations Officer is responsible for
    ensuring that all aspects of this plan are adhered to.

2.  The Infection Control policy and procedures shall be reviewed at
    least annually by the Medical Director and any changes will be
    approved by the Medical Director.

3.  All staff shall receive initial and, at minimum, annual training in
    prevention and control of infections and communicable diseases. Such
    education shall include the use of Universal Precautions, location
    (in the respective offices) and use of Personal Protective
    Equipment. Such training shall be competency-based.

4.  The Medical Assistant is responsible for ensuring that trainings are
    held. The Health and Safety Officer, Chief Operations Officer,
    supervising clinicians, qualified clinicians and interns, and guest
    speakers may conduct the trainings or create self-study guides.

5.  Clinical staff shall educate persons served and other applicable
    stakeholders on the prevention and control of infections and
    communicable diseases when appropriate. Such education can be
    provided verbally or in writing and can include referrals for
    further education or information when appropriate.

6.  The agency shall maintain an adequate supply of the Personal
    Protective Equipment (PPE) and other equipment necessary to prevent
    or control infection. Such equipment shall include latex gloves (and
    suitable non-latex gloves if any staff member has a latex allergy),
    eye and face shields, gowns, appropriate cleaning supplies, warning
    signs, and hazardous material disposal bags. 'Spill kits' that
    contain these materials may also suffice. The office support staff
    shall replace any equipment after use, and shall inspect each office
    at least quarterly, under the direction of the Office Manager, to
    ensure an adequate supply.

**Applicable Forms**:

Drill/Inspection Report

## ACCIDENT PREVENTION/REPORTING

All accidents that result in injury/illness must be reported on an
Accident/Injury/Illness Report form immediately to the appropriate
supervisor, regardless of how insignificant the injury/illness may
appear.

Such reports are necessary to comply with laws, initiate insurance, and
workers\' compensation procedures and to assure corrective action is
taken to remedy any unsafe condition.

## HAZARD PREVENTION

Autumn Treatment Center's prevention policy is designed to ensure that
all reasonable steps are taken to preserve life and property from
exposure to hazards. Employees should refer to their facility's written
prevention plan for specific instructions on hazards, drill procedures,
equipment, general safety precautions for avoiding a hazards and
emergency procedures.

**General Fire Prevention Rules**:

An employee should locate the extinguishers and evacuation routes and
exits within or adjacent to his/her work area.

All employees should remember the P.A.S.S. acronym for the proper use of
a fire extinguisher:

- P: Pull the pin

- A: Aim at the base of the fire

- S: Squeeze the trigger

- S: Sweep side to side

At no time shall fire doors, such as all hallway and stairway doors, be
propped open. Propping fire doors open is a violation of fire codes.
Keep exits and stairways clear. Do not block exit doors and keep file
cabinets and bookshelves out of main aisles or hallways that are used as
access ways to exit doors.

Maintain clear aisles of at least three feet wide in all work areas and
provide at least three feet clearance around sprinklers.

Prevent fires and explosions by keeping work areas clean and free of
dust, paper, debris, and other combustible materials. Follow OSHA
standards when receiving, storing, handling, and using flammable
liquids.

Fire Notification: If fire, smoke, or excessive heat is detected, the
fire alarm will be activated, and the fire department contacted. In the
event of a fire or sounding of the fire alarm, all employees shall
evacuate the building immediately by means of the nearest available
marked exit.

**FIRE**

**POLICY:**

The agency shall maintain a fire-safe environment for staff and persons
served. All staff shall be familiar with basic fire safety, the
evacuation plans for their respective buildings, and with the procedures
below.

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  If a small fire is suspected (e.g., smoke in a wastebasket), staff
    may attempt to extinguish it using appropriate suppression equipment
    available. In such circumstances, a supervisor is immediately
    notified verbally, and a written incident report is filed prior to
    the end of the business day.

2.  If it is determined that the fire cannot be contained, evacuation
    shall commence immediately. If there is an uncontained fire, staff
    shall call "911" using a cell phone. Individuals on the premises at
    the time of the fire shall be calmly and quietly exited through the
    nearest door. Once outside, the individuals shall be moved away from
    the building.

3.  All fire exits shall be clearly marked, unlocked, or unbarred from
    the inside, and illuminated. All fire extinguishers shall be ready
    for use in an emergency.

4.  All fire extinguishers are inspected at least annually, during the
    annual fire inspection and recharged or replaced as appropriate.

5.  Fire drills are held on a quarterly basis to prepare staff for
    emergencies. Drills are held on all work shifts. All such drills are
    unannounced. Documentation of the drills and their effectiveness are
    maintained by a supervisor and the results are reviewed by the Chief
    Operating Officer and evaluated for their effectiveness.

6.  All offices and office areas will contain evacuation plans.

7.  In case of utility failure (i.e., electric failure, water break, gas
    leak, etc.), a listing of emergency numbers will be maintained in
    the reception area of each office. In extreme cases, evacuation
    plans can be followed.

8.  Autumn Treatment Center prohibits the use of unvented kerosene, gas,
    or oil heaters on the premise.

**Applicable Forms:**

Evacuation Plans

Drill/Inspection Report

Fire Inspection Checklist

**BOMB THREAT**

**POLICY:**

The agency shall provide a safe environment for staff and persons served
by acting upon a bomb threat in a swift and efficient manner. All staff
are to be familiar with the evacuation plan in their respective
buildings and with the procedures below.

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  If a bomb threat is received by telephone, mail, or email, the staff
    person receiving the threat is to remain calm and obtain as much
    information as possible, including the location of the bomb, the
    expected time of detonation, and the reason for the threat. If the
    threat is received in writing, the document and any accompanying
    envelope shall be retained to be given to authorities. The written
    document shall be handled by as few people as possible and carefully
    preserved.

2.  If the Health and Safety Officer is immediately available, the
    person receiving the bomb threat shall notify the Health and Safety
    Officer. The Health and Safety Officer and/or the person receiving
    the threat shall call "911" using a cell phone. If the Health and
    Safety Officer is not immediately available, the person receiving
    the threat shall call "911." The supervisor and/or the person who
    received the threat shall provide the authorities with all of the
    information obtained and shall obtain safety instructions from the
    authorities.

3.  Evacuation of the building shall commence immediately unless
    otherwise ordered by law enforcement or other emergency personnel.
    Evacuation procedures for a bomb threat are the same as those for a
    fire.

**Applicable Forms:**

Evacuation Plans

Drill/Inspection Report

**NATURAL DISASTER/TORNADO**

**POLICY:**

The agency shall maintain the safety of staff and persons served by
complying with natural disaster/tornado safety procedures. All staff
shall be familiar with the safety procedures below and with basic
natural disaster/tornado information. Tornadoes usually occur in late
spring and early summer, last less than two minutes, and sound like a
train. A tornado WATCH is issued by the National Weather Bureau and
indicates that conditions are such that there could be a tornado. A
tornado WARNING is issued by the National Weather Bureau and indicates
that a tornado has been sighted in the area.

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  In the event of a tornado WATCH, the Health and Safety Officer will
    inform the staff and remind staff of procedures for a tornado
    WARNING.

2.  In the event of a tornado WARNING, the Health and Safety Officer
    will inform the staff and any persons served who are in the
    building. All individuals are to remain in the building and will be
    asked to move away from any windows and, if available, to move to
    windowless hallways or stairwells in order to shelter in place.
    These procedures are to be carried out until the warning has been
    lifted by the National Weather Bureau.

3.  Quarterly drills are conducted to ensure that the staff is ready for
    an emergency. All such drills are unannounced and conducted on all
    work shifts.

4.  Documentation of the drills and their effectiveness is maintained by
    the Health and Safety Officer and the results are reviewed by the
    Chief Operations Officer and evaluated for their effectiveness.

**Applicable Forms:**

Evacuation Plans

Drill/Inspection Report

**UTILITY OUTAGE/MALFUNCTION**

**POLICY:**

The agency shall maintain a safe environment for staff and persons
served. All staff shall be familiar with the procedure below in the case
of a utility failure. The circumstances surrounding an event -- such as
external temperature and time of day -- may dictate a deviation from
these procedures.

**PROCEDURES:**

If evacuation is necessary, the Office Manager will order the evacuation
of all staff and clients according to the applicable evacuation policy.
The decision of whether to suspend client care should be made by the
Medical Director.

In the case of an electrical outage, if evacuation is not necessary and
patient care is to continue, clinicians are to use paper forms. Staff
are to use natural light when possible or emergency flashlights. Staff
are not permitted to use candles.

When the utility failure results in the loss of phone, staff may use
their cell phones to communicate with each other and administrative
staff. If staff needs to contact a client or a client's emergency
contact for any reason, staff should contact another Autumn Treatment
Center office to assist with communication to the client. Unannounced
tests of this procedure shall be completed annually at each location.

**Applicable Forms:**

Drill/Inspection Report

# EVACUATION PLAN

**POLICY:**

Autumn Treatment Center ensures the safety of persons served by Autumn
Treatment Center by developing, following, updating, and testing
evacuation procedures.

**PROCEDURES:**

1.  The Office Manager, under the guidance of the Chief Operations
    Officer, is responsible for adherence to the components of the
    Evacuation Plan for her/his office.

2.  The Evacuation Plan shall be reviewed at least annually by the
    Office Manager and the Medical Assistant, and any changes shall be
    approved by the Chief Operations Officer.

3.  The following list may not be comprehensive, and staff shall consult
    with local emergency or law enforcement personnel as appropriate if
    evacuation need is uncertain:

- Fire or suspected fire

- Carbon monoxide poisoning or suspected carbon monoxide poisoning

- Smoke or other noxious odors or fumes

- Toxic spill

- Loss of power

- Bomb threat, unless instructed by law enforcement not to evacuate

- Disruptive client or visitor who poses such a threat as to necessitate
  full evacuation

- Compromise of structural integrity of the building

- Other threats to the safety of persons served that necessitates
  evacuation

- Instruction by emergency or law enforcement personnel to evacuate the
  building

**Evacuation Procedures for Administrative Building:**

1.  When possible, the appropriate emergency authorities shall be
    contacted as soon as possible in the event of a necessary
    evacuation. Staff may either call '911' from the agency phone or
    from personal cell phones. Staff should note that when calling '911'
    from a cell phone, s/he should ensure that the full address of the
    building is given to emergency personnel.

2.  The Office Manager will make the decision to evacuate and will be
    responsible for notifying all staff and clients of the need and
    cause for evacuation, either by intercom or by knocking on all
    doors. If the Office Manager is not present, the next appropriate
    administrative staff will make the decision to evacuate and will be
    responsible for notifying all staff and clients of the need and
    cause for evacuation, either by intercom or by knocking on all
    doors.

3.  The Office Manager (or applicable administrative staff) is
    responsible for monitoring the safe evacuation of all staff and
    clients from the building. Each clinician will inform the
    appropriate administrative staff of the names of all clients in the
    building, including the office suite as well as the restrooms.

4.  Assuming a safe passage, all staff will exit through the nearest
    exit door.

5.  All evacuated persons will meet at the North side of the Autumn
    Treatment Center building in the neighboring parking lot.

**Providing for Temporary Shelter:**

Should an evacuated person not have access to a vehicle or immediate
transportation, neighboring business offices are available for temporary
shelter until transportation arrives.

**Continuing Essential Services:**

Clinicians shall consult with the Clinical Director in determining which
clients should not experience a disruption of services, as services to
these clients will therefore be deemed essential. Examples include
clients presently in crisis or at risk or pharmacological clients who
require timely medication monitoring or a refill.

If the evacuated building will be unavailable for clinical services,
telehealth services shall be offered to clients until such time that
services can resume at the evacuated site. Provision of non-essential
telehealth services shall be at the discretion of the Clinical Director.
If a client does not have access to telehealth services, the clinician
and the Clinical Director shall explore feasible options.

If, following an evacuation, the agency is unable to reach clients via
telephone to reschedule existing appointments or to inform them of the
procedures to obtain essential services, all feasible efforts shall be
made to contact clients or other persons served. Such communication may
include contacting the local media or posting a sign on the building or
agency door, informing the public that the building is temporarily
barred for use with instructions to call the Autumn Treatment Center
corporate office.

**Testing Evacuation Procedures:**

Evacuation procedures shall be tested at least quarterly at the
direction of the Office Manager or his/her designee, and the
Drill/Inspection Report form will be completed. Safety concerns or
issues shall be presented to the Executive Director by the Health and
Safety Officer.

**Staff Training in Evacuation Procedures:**

All staff shall be trained during orientation and annually on the
evacuation plan and procedures. The Office Manager or his/her designee
is responsible for ensuring that this training occurs.

**Applicable Forms:**

Drill/Inspection Report

Business Continuity and Disaster Preparedness Plan

# MISCELLANEOUS

## OFFICIAL CLOSING/CURTAILMENT

If Autumn Treatment Center facilities are closed due to severe weather
conditions, certain activities must still be performed. Only those
employees in jobs that must be performed because of the legal or other
bona fide operating requirements will be required to work.

If it is announced that the office will be closed, an executive decision
will be made regarding how employees will be paid.

If Autumn Treatment Center facilities must shutdown early because of
severe weather after the beginning of the workday, pay for the day will
be administered as determined by Human Resources of the company.

Any weather-related Company closing or delay will either be announced
by:

- An Autumn Treatment Center official sometime during the workday as
  warranted through directly calling employees or by email;

- An official announcement directly from the employee's supervisor.

**[  
]{.underline}**

## **[ACKNOWLEDGEMENT]{.underline}**

I have received a copy of the Autumn Treatment Center, LLC Employee
Handbook. I understand that the employee handbook describes important
information about the policies, procedures, and programs affecting my
employment with Autumn Treatment Center and that I should consult my
supervisor or Human Resources regarding any questions not answered in
the handbook. I understand that I will be held responsible for
compliance with all policies in this handbook, including the electronic
communication policy. I also accept the responsibility for seeking
clarification from my supervisor or Human Resources as to any of the
contents of this handbook.

The provisions of this employee handbook are subject to change, so I
further understand that Autumn Treatment Center can, at its sole
discretion, modify, eliminate, revise, or deviate from the guidelines
and information in this employee handbook. I know that Autumn Treatment
Center will make every effort to notify employees of changes to this
Employee Handbook in writing as they occur. I also understand that any
revisions to this employee handbook may supersede, modify, or eliminate
any of the existing policies, procedures, or programs in this handbook.

I understand that I am an at-will employee and acknowledge that this
handbook is neither a contract of employment nor a legal document, and
nothing in this employee handbook creates an express or implied contract
of employment.

Signature

Date

Name (Typed or Printed)
